Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
Also , they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sports which is more intense .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
I often play this with my friends in the evening .
Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
At first , I found it an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
The couple have 4 kids and , after separation , 2 kids live with their mom and 2 with their dad .
You start living on your own , make your own decisions and plan your future .
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world .
Through the demonstration , Trivago can show to the audience how easy it is to use its mobile application to find the best value hotel .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
Day number 8 .
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy works written in that language .
This seems like a small thing but it represents a major change in the way people view TV shows .
There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of a bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
-Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car , which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors that affect business in the plaza .
Richard Raya
Secondly , there are a few parents who can not bear the expense of their child 's education .
They did n't have mobile phones because it happened a long time ago .
But later , when I graduated , I realized how important those subjects were .
It 's an activity that you need to do every day , since it 's a good way to keep fit .
How are you ?
Promotional Objective :
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
Hello dears ,
And if you do that , then , sooner or later , you will become a walking enthusiast .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in the water you can cool down .
Additionally , you imagine just the moment before the jump .
I , as a young woman , usually travel just as a hobby .
Honestly , I thought I would n't like the restaurant , but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time is spent doing nothing and just passing the time as if it were a long vacation , but if it is used to have new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
Although several causes of this problem can be found in the modernisation of our society , this modern society can also provide solutions for the amelioration of the level of fitness of young people .
The hotel had 8 floors and the workers lived on the top floor .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive .
It demands physical effort , being an excellent way to keep fit .
Decisive actions by Yeltsin were supported by most world governments and international communities .
Then she and her friends went out and walked through all the town until early morning .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible . They do n't play hide and seek and do sports like before .
Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
When other kids are happy , that makes me happy . I like it because it makes me feel good because you do n't haf't
Like retailer ,
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
Lots of love
MUSIC
You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a failure .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
As a consequence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
I would like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have questions about your booking policy .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance , such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Hello Paul ,
To answer this question , the first thing to consider is if young people really have sincere values , or on the contrary , if they are only simple copies of a current model of a fake society which imposes unattainable stereotypes on them .
Varese has many attractions among which there is the lake , where I like to go .
At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
In its first years , television was also an important channel for culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
If you could give me a chance to work with you and your organization , it would be a great pleasure for me .
It 's breaking my heart to hear that you 're in such a terrible situation .
They do not think of money or fame , they simply enjoy working .
In front of her was a stunning house .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
We will face more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental damage .
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not on other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could make of it or how we can reuse the energy .
The salt brought out the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balancing agent so the juice would not be too sweet .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community about the sales communication materials and guidelines .
On the other hand , travelling by car is getting far more popular than it ever was with the development of science and technology .
Apart from that , there are many other benefits to buying a car instead of using buses or the underground every day .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
I can give you another example .
Subham babu .
There are others , of course , who are quite happy to live and work in the same place all their lives because they do not think moving would enhance their lives .
In my opinion , public transport has a future because it is cheaper than other modes of transport , also it pollutes less .
As a conclusion , you could say public transport will have its uses even in the future . While going by car may be more comfortable from time to time , the reasons I stated above lead me to the conclusion that public transport is necessary .
That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when , suddenly , he had an excellent idea .
Yours sincerely
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they are not worth it .
I have read other books by this writer and I really enjoyed them .
Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village from one place .
It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown make us feel history itself .
For the first days I was a little bit nervous , but day by day , I started forgetting about any competition .
The seats next to me were still empty .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you always have to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcome by your foe !
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a total mess !
The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
Seeing it for the first time , it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
All about me !
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
She feels bad , but she does n't really know what to say .
whenever there was a problem , I could notice it and could solve it quickly .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
In fact , they can hardly ever define themselves as pop fans , rockers , ...
Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .
On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their children without having experience of that .
I knew at that moment that I wanted to change my style of skating .
With our sheer creativity and enthusiasm , we always make it a point that every school activity is worthwhile .
Thank you
I think that the increase in teenage crime is because their parents do not set limits on them , and do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
However , this does n't mean that my parents , especially when I was a child , always told me " yes " and let me do whatever I wanted to .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
Take care
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
Erica
I do n't believe in friendship between a man and a woman .
It is likely you would have more self - confidence if you worked harder during a lesson .
First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions when it comes to living in a place without real social contact .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
We should also consider the fact that , nowadays , life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
On the one hand , I have never worked in kitchens before .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
Mr. President
The population is estimated at around ten thousand people .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
I am the only grandchild that ca n't speak Korean properly because I grew up in Bavaria and not in NRW , but they taught me to cook .
One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
They trust in them , and are willing to fight for the freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .
They finally meet and are happy again with a lot of good friends .
We played every day together and , in the afternoons , we went to each other 's houses .
Apart from that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
Just what we need .
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
In the middle of the crowd was standing my mum , with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I have always believed I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
Due to the fact that I am studying to become a teacher , I have some more knowledge about this subject than other people , because I am in the school classroom every day and I face the reality of it every day .
Until we received that remarkable letter , I had always been in her shadow .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim to do something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put a pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy every minute of it .
When Anna got back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and Mark was sitting behind it .
Such programs also allow us to participate by giving our feedback .
I have also worked under pressure and met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to being resourceful and managing time efficiently .
It is easier than you think .
Above all , it 's a significant step to make a good design , in which background colour , artwork and security are the main considerations .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organizations or between organizations .
Also , she has admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
Do we need fashion ?
Can you imagine that ?
They are usually aimed at avoiding hygiene problems .
But , is it really that necessary ?
The best course of action would be for government to attempt to allow people to volunteer for it when they have completed their studies .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
But one day she collided with this boy .
For instance , the ability to bear both physical and psychological stress is not something you can easily learn .
You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
Afterwards , the crowd of people is ramming me when I 'm trying to walk .
I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
It was situated on a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
Personally , I use public transport more and I hardly ever use private transport .
A cold chill ran down his neck .
I managed to make my mother have a siesta , so that she was more energetic for the party .
Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
But this time was special .
Besides , traffic jams are another problem .
They are scattered across the city .
I know it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone who is definitely older , and I know nothing will come out of it .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
They were very excited about choosing the food on the menu because it was their first time eating here .
However , there are several plausible counters to this argument .
It was 5 pm and so many people came to see the show .
This fine can reach between 100 and 150 euros .
Hundreds and thousands of innocent people may fall victim to the insatiable desire of such fame - seeking personalities .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
All in all , I would recommend anyone to do this sport .
Their systems are no longer good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
I am now studying Software Engineering .
Why not ?
The theme was ' I visited the Earth in 2112 ' .
Take care , Paul .
I love this sport !
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and think more in English since translating might be confusing .
It also has another negative effect : you have limited time on this planet .
Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will need so as to get the first few steps done .
Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
The most used public transport is the bus .
Last but not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crack .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
Being ranked in the Michelin guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
In the North of Spain , the weather is colder than the rest of the country . For this reason , the water at the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
As well as the historical city , which has short and narrow streets .
So they could share their cars with other people .
I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappointed with the town I live in because there is a lot to see !
When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should choose .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
Everything that does n't grow is dead , and death is the opposite of life .
This is where all the beautiful girls are shown to the young men of the community .
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by imposing certain laws .
This would appear to be a better solution .
In my opinion , public transport should n't disappear .
It is very beautiful .
All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
Today we had a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving school and starting university .
Halfway through the trip , Max heard a weird noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it , he was all alone .
It could have flowers .
They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
If I were in a better position , it could not happen to me .
I would like to recommend friends to visit Italy .
You wo n't regret choosing me to attend your school !
However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
Looking for a job in Vietnam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
I am just beginning to understand the way things are done here .
He was following an important European summit on environmental issues .
·Activities to pass the time
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
If not , the consumers of this product would end up buried .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
He does not love me as a woman !
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
Thank you .
Richard 's parents are good neighbours .
The sun shines brightly , the snow melted in the March .
The next thing Michael knew was that he was making love with this girl .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
Also , it gives us the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
Therefore I paid more attention to global warming and ways to deal with it .
In the future , cars will fly and be faster .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what life would be like in our time .
I went to the Vatican and Rome . I saw their massive buildings , which were impressive , and their old houses .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .
It made me feel like happiness was running throughout my body .
When I jump to throw the ball in the basket , I feel like I am flying .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
What 's up ?
It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
In their laboratories , they had a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
After the bus arrived , he got on and half an hour later he arrived at the destination .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
They walked in to find a man looking out of the window .
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
I do not know how to answer this question honestly , but I guess I will never know .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the closest accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
They must find a solution to this difficult problem .
He did like his job but , as we all know , sometimes people suddenly feel they have to change something .
Please accept our sincere apologies ; it was the least of our intentions to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard format authorized by our legal department .
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
So , I decided not to pay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
Finally , you can do shopping in The New Square , a round trading hall .
So , two of us had to share a bed , which is hardly acceptable .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
The pleasure and your willpower will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .
The solution is public transport again , which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads .
I do n't find any difficulty doing it .
Because of that , everything was kind of similar and static for many years .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
On the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
Tom and I have been training for a long time .
I am 14 years old .
Travelling by car is very bad .
And . And I do n't know if they will change their minds in the next fifty years .
One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
The same face as always .
How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think this statement should say that public transport is going to exist in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district and provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
Generally , the increase in temperature has resulted in a surge in hot days , and a decrease of cold days .
It does require you to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' lives and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to deal with other passengers .
8) Why are you interested in this position ?
Why does it even exist ?
Brazilians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
So the environmental impact is very attractive .
The service is good , the waiters serve excellently , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reservation or to wait a long time for a table .
You sounded really stressed in your last email and I am worried about that .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good for your health .
Moreover , it is really important for me to be my own boss , even though it involves many more responsibilities .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organizations working for waste management .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
Thank you for your attention .
It relies on you alone .
What is more , it could help if you worked out at home and bought gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
We could reuse and recycle household waste .
It is a well - known fact that transport is closely related to pollution .
As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tend to use more bikes and public transport .
I went to an ice rink , I rented hockey skates , and I started to skate .
I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
After all , we were in a team in search of personal glory to be the first to ever climb the west face of this Andean mountain !
When Aria comes home from Iceland , again , the girls get mysterious messages only signed with the letter " A " .
A number of countries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but our country is still under - insured .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
Yours faithfully
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people committing the offence a second time .
Iñigo .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers a great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
She stay in bed and did nothing all day .
There are many languages people in my country learn , but English is the most popular as it is a global language .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand from the public is going down rapidly as they have their own vehicles .
Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was the first time for him to visit Italy .
It was one of those indigo nights , almost as if the Northern Lights were shining together with her happiness .
As far as I am concerned , the latter point of view carries more weight .
She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , but his phone was turned off .
There were masses of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my best to grasp its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
Despite some details , I think you must n't miss this film if you want to know the truth about the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
Buses are the main transport in my area .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because , if not , we will have legal problems .
A lot of people nowadays would take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
like 1 meter 60 . So if you love this game you can play it no matter what .
It is common to have meat as a main course .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
Jack tried to confront him , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his fingers and a lot of people came around him . He had a new team . He decided to name them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names were Karolina ( she decided to change her name to that because he used to say that that letter was her favorite one ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both twins , the most beautiful ladies in the world ) , Max , who was an expert in the military field , and Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known his last name until that moment : Junior . He was embarrassed about it , he was the offspring of a weird woman , but she was his mother .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind us remind about that .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide medium brings to our society .
The effect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence such as rape .
In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choose .
I should n't have believed you .
I 'll make them love me .
Many affordable bus and metro passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Sandor Erzsi
Destination : Disney .
In infested areas , they injure livestock , pets and wildlife , and damage crops , plants , electrical equipment , and irrigation systems .
I look forward to a response and please feel free to contact me .
Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that . He thought it would be better to forget about it , so he stopped thinking about his dream .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in the future .
Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
Also , I have gained communication skills through speaking with the children and the families .
Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
He began to have intimate relations with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises - " Wait for me !
It has taught me lessons I could n't have learned had I not been here - lessons that not only help me improve my teaching career , but also help me become the right person for my vocation .
I try to be a football player there .
Although the personal car is popular , public transport is still valuable to the country .
I think if we want to protect our environment , we should start with the little things .
Hunting is the most enjoyable thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to be out in the forest .
Long distances between cities make it difficult to use cars .
Likewise , the joy of shopping is dependent upon the items one intends to purchase .
The first day I studied at the university , I made a lot of friends .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , and come up with new and innovative ideas about the educational process , and so , the tradition will be updated in the following years .
Once again , please accept my compliments on a job well done . I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward to an even more successful event next year .
One day before going , Michael suddenly had a problem .
What transportation we need and should be invented now is hard to imagine , because there is no place we ca n't go .
Health channels give ways of living with a healthy lifestyle .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cost is higher than it was previously .
The Danish measures will also be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .
We 're also waiting for information about your fee , order of payments and other employment terms .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the front page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in which they 're eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect others ' privacy .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl Lidya , who also hides a lot of secrets .
The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an invitation to work for your language school .
Thank you for reading .
That is going to happen sooner rather than later .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
I am writing to congratulate you on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
Nowadays there is a lot of information about health , having good eating habits , sleeping the number of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
It is easy to make a boiled egg .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need to search for a parking space .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I watch two matches at the weekend in the Spanish league or NBA .
" It 's time for us to shine , " His handwritten words came to life in her mind .
Yours faithfully
Potatoes and meat are popular foods among our people .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
I want to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of competing , because competitors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
The show looked promising in its promos , which were based on a very famous old Hindi song .
The Great Wall is located to the north of Beijing .
People and Change
Researchers say that an average adult in the developed world is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea , so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea on their recommendation as well .
So , at a special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
As the tagline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it will not be easy to stray from the main idea .
That can be annoying .
happy , funny and sometimes bothersome .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
Ever since then , what filled this family is just happiness and love .
I 'm a friend to him rather than a strict mother .
These include many kinds of sports , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running , etc .
I am a qualified educator and I have been working with children for five years .
In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
He turned the lights on to see his face .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for public transport .
He said hello to the girl , smiling .
See you soon .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are able to react to their surroundings , and build binary expressions to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who the professional film director is .
While studying at University , my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream !
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could easily go to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she will need to pay for more petrol .
In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these modes of transport .
It would be a pleasure to discuss in person why I am qualified for this position .
Batting has its own cherish .
Firstly , public bus services are very popular in most parts of the world .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
There is no difference if you use a car or the bus .
The best thing about this website is that it is very easy to use .
We are all equal in God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right to live a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
Some people say that David created Parkour but , in fact , his father developed all the ideas of the discipline .
Yours truly ,
Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it , because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed at playing a sport .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
Guillermo
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
She is the narrator of the story .
Personally , I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves and pushing a heavy trolley . Crowds in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the shop to another , because these shops are organised in a way which forces you to see everything , in order to find what you really need .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There you can find almost anything you want , from clothes to electronics and groceries , to beauty products and flowers .
My name is Natalia Refana .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
The given topic to write about is a common issue nowadays in my country .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
I think I could be the right person for this job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be with kids , play with them and take care of them . I always have fun with them .
That night , the time flew by , but things started to get weird . Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about the proofs that he had found related to dinosaurs . He was interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species . The guy told him they were bad creatures with no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had ever heard about . The guy thought Marcus was crazy , so he fled the Federal Palace .
It give shade , shelter to animals , and purifies the air .
Yours Faithfully
For example , introducing several special dates in a year for using only public transport .
People who travel to work daily usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
There are many more libraries and learning courses available than before .
Regina
That 's why I like it .
I would say that , most probably , private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The show was based on the journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separated due to some misunderstandings .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
I am very sorry , but I can not accept this !
The reason ? I told him I had found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
Many factors result in this phenomenon .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage : you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
Not only people in countries where there is poor public transportation , but also in the most developed countries , there is a great tendency to use cars instead of depending on public transportation .
As a student at a local school , I would like to say that to cancelling the field trips
I would also like to further my studies of various foreign languages at university .
Public transport is suitable for those who have no car of their own .
More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
Are you a tourist ?
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
The ball went straight through the police station window and broke the glass .
My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned his bedroom light on and off eight times .
It is an action thriller written by Suzanne Collins .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
+ Shopping mall
She could not even yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
My free time only allows me to work at weekends , which is why your place is perfect for me , and I also love the food there and people are always nice .
My parents have both been working since I was 12 , so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
There were not enough brushes and paints for all the students ,
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
If I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
But , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and , if you want to , we can go on an art .
The choice always depends on my mood .
If you have strong nerves , do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
In his opinion , the concept of protectionism in the world of global economy is not effective .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilities in my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
I believe that should be borne in mind when the new facilities are built .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
That way , they would be doing physical exercise .
For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it will hardly have any educational value .
You can meet all kinds of people .
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
Most countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
People have never taken into account that fact .
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
Machines can tell us lots of important information .
When Fernanda came out of her room , she started looking in her mom 's wallet to see if she had anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
Three words that describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend .
In a word , the process of making money for banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
Well , as the day was coming to a close , Michael had a distinct feeling that something just was n't correct but he dismissed that feeling and continued with his day as he usually does .
And what about trains ?
Enclosed you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
Instead , I think that public transport will play an essential part in future life .
Most of those plans would not be possible if it were not for means of transport .
I started running four years ago .
The characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , are basic ideas of transformations like the ones that magic creates .
My favorite song is Prayer in C .
I think my town really takes care of the environment , because there are a lot of parks in this town and they are very clean .
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
For me , skating is not just a sport .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - like .
Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empathy .
Is it raining ? , "
What about the one next to the shopping center ?
He was worried that the bird might charge him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cave .
I liked my work there so much .
Generally , young people do n't have any problems with posting their personal photos on the Internet .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunately they did n't get angry with me .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Second was the conviction that military conflict should in future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
Jogging or going out for a walk helped me to boost my energy levels and to clear my mind .
Maybe one day we will need neither cars , nor public transport .
If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
I recommend it because it is the best place for young people .
And finally , the moment was there , the opening night .
On the one hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
It means that other people feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look like underdogs .
The new technologies are something that we can not live without anymore .
In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
Authorities should enact more safety policies on roads and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
But not so many people have a driver 's license .
Crazy Grandma
Talking about the World Cup a little .
However , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
Even the background is cleverly chosen , which enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are looking for .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of president Mackinley .
I will be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
Thank you very much again for helping me get the tickets for the concert in London , but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
Therefore , public transport is the best option for me .
Apart from obviously having fun and socialising , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
Many people use their car alone .
There are two reasons .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
If you do n't have exercise for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
And then everything had crashed .
Hello!I am a 32-year - old girl from Italy .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need for African children .
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " . It is a very good restaurant .
They study at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
These programmes are fashionable .
I saw deer , bears , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
Cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
The lesson did not go very well ; she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Guido , this life - affirming tragi - comedy is about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of Nazism in the Italy of Mussolini .
Water sports :
But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
There is no doubt : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football matches , we eat or stay at home all together .
he blurted out . '
I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
Sara was so amazed and hugged her brother and thanked him .
But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
Julia is a pretty girl .
John Alder
Most people in Sweden are Christians .
But now , every second that passed after that monumental moment just made him feel worse and worse about himself , having second thoughts about whether he should have stayed with Marianne or not .
This essay will look at both sides before drawing a logical conclusion .
I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually terrified me .
Finally , the latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong characters ! Enjoy them !
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
He was shaking .
So in the streets we always have a lot of trash cans .
This is another critical step .
See you soon
I think it is true that colour does influence our decision when we buy different things .
Now these trees are grown up .
He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern car is sometimes related to wealth .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
Smoking is not allowed .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , and you can not because of journalists .
In addition , I love dealing with people . I 'm very sociable .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output remote port of information ' .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
I should n't call myself a sports fan .
I got there by MTR .
I love him and I hope he loves me back .
Silvia .
It had been a hot summer 's day .
She made a complaint ; they were so annoying .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could make up for his mistake .
• Although the performers are women , is the language used sexist ?
So , for that reason , I think television can entertain and also educate .
It was a scary situation .
There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaurants on the first and second floors .
This shows that fried or packaged food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it every day ! if I used it every day , I would improve in a short time !
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
What does " Family " mean ?
Well .
This aphorism is famous and true .
The governor of my city is seeking to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
Now I am working as a journalist at National Radio .
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
If you want to do this sport , you can simply take a pair of sneakers and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
I have fond memories from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeling well .
We are always going to the cinema to watch a new one .
The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
Also , that makes them do their jobs efficiently .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
When the car stopped to get oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto the very back seats of the jeep .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
I think it is the most interesting sport .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
I think that it would be quite easy for Montse to find a job , but I am quite worried about my opportunities .
Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
I 'm sorry it took me so long to reply .
It is already in practice in the western world .
Dos & Don'ts
Who does not want to feel like an astronaut on our own planet exploring the magical underwater world just on a recreational trip ?
The students were a bit uncertain but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
I find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
Besides that , the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to accommodate our farewell dinner .
Owing to this state of constant stress , many of them are bound to have alcoholism problems , drug - addiction and depression .
Furthermore , I have an excellent relationship with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
Hi Sara ,
Discovery Channel is a knowledge bank and Animal Planet is very interesting .
In addition , naval wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
When we play football , we definitely cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the winner .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
Transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
Michael is a college student majoring in music .
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
His office is built as a lift !
Very soon I realized that this job was n't for me .
However , in soccer , every single player touches the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
I look forward to hearing your response .
How are you ?
I recently saw a film called Passengers .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
However , you can read a book while you eat and drink some things on the sofa of street .
However , some may argue that it is also questionable whether GM food has a detrimental impact on human health .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
The main task of the volunteers was to collect money .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , which means the Ball Game . There is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice pretty young girls to their gods .
Good
In view of these favourable conditions , higher expectations could be set to improve the learning process and enhance the learning performance of NCS .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had met an old woman .
I am one of the students at Telemark University College .
There are a lot outstanding views and places worth visiting but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
A tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job . There are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
26 January 2012
If we talk about my favourite sport , it will be basketball .
Lots of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architecture has completely changed .
I love music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
I was pretty sure that a lot of work was waiting for me ahead .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
However , public transport also has advantages .
He was home alone baby - sitting his two - year - old sister .
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
They seemed happy to share their life .
I enjoy playing it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this , for me , is really important .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day , so stay tuned !
The most important events take place in some different country every four years .
Yours sincerely ,
Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , The Secret Goldfish .
First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the city being visited . We know that museums are generally established to exhibit special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern belongings .
The number of Ukrainian students who study abroad increases every year .
Good news !
In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age .
There are services which can clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
She was embarrassed that she did not recognise him .
In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
If it 's not , please let me know .
When Alison knocked on her parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the front door .
Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
See you !
It will make people feel comfortable .
Firstly , the food I make for myself is more reliable than the food that is made in restaurants .
Moreover , if it is a really nice group , it is more fun to work with them than to work alone .
This is a time when parents can create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they begin to rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
If I am right , continue reading this .
I used to have training twice a week .
But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told you the best part yet !
Best wishes
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum onto the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
In the towns of the future , care for the environment will be one of the most important things .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the process of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on the sea would certainly become my first choice , since it guarantees a long and pleasant travelling experience .
I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
I am also experienced with children , having looked after my sister 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
Also , people will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and , for this , people need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
I hope I helped you a bit .
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysitter for the past year .
Kind regards ,
However , the extensive use of mobiles creates lot of problems .
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
At present I am uncertain about the number of students , but it will probably be about 15 .
There are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , boxing , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
She said she would join me for the exam .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
It is true that every day we have new innovations which help people and make their lives easier .
Be someone famous for a day
Were younger people allowed to fast track their ascension within a country 's military , they could find themselves having to make critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experience , and this could have catastrophic results .
I thought these things .
Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
It would be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
The Internet is also a ' home ' for many social networks .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The pleasure of traveling
Learning another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
The best I 've ever been to .
That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope that my answer will help you with your project .
And just as I was becoming a professional football player , my right knee was injured .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
It depends .
It was risky , he knew it , but he had no energy left in him .
We will become robots , no longer people !
Rivalries , arguments about which team is the best team and watching matches in a group just add to the excitement .
On the other hand , we could set up stands in shopping malls .
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable time .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are greater than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things , you 'll miss many chances to succeed .
But in the near future , most of us will have to deal with it and , therefore , be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
I also hope to meet a group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared memories of student life .
Nana talks in such a peaceful way .
I am not sure that mine is the best family in the world , but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could ever have wished for .
Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
Some progress has been made already ; it s implementation also runs at full speed .
For this reason , most people have the Internet at home .
The 21st century has given a new meaning to the word friendship .
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other games .
To whom it may concern ,
In school , I study German and I like the language .
Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
Members of my family .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
In the evenings we would arrange different activities , like plays , singing , dancing .
Books , books and again books .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Life is full of good things . Why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
And he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for your mind .
Hey Jo !
I was in a park when I saw a man standing just behind me .
Bra is a small village in Italy and it is also my town .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
My area is very clean and very green .
But in the 17th century a miracle happened .
It is my responsibility to help others being bullied and to report bullying .
I am from a small town and I have to wait one hour to go to the city center .
In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
My day in London !
Ola
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called Dahlboms in Åre , because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measures we know .
Micheal felt something shaking him .
Nowadays people use cars a lot .
The car sharing system is n't common .
Students often use public transport instead of cars between cities .
This a is China - based chain that has recently opened .
First and foremost , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
That is why it should not be the key point that is considered the key to success .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English , I realized that , although the classes were important , systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
Make sure you play smoothly for the first time and make sure you wear football boots when you 're playing on the pitch .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
If he is afraid of the water , it is not recommended to do this sport , or being able to overcome his fear would be a great goal .
This has to do with the technical grammatical features I learned in class as well .
They just have to calmly talk about it .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 € .
She is tall , slim and straight .
And , it can change according to your degree of familiarity or intimacy with the other person .
After , I would head to the sandy beach and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
Victoria .
Do n't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audience ?
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and then the current Parkour was born .
In conclusion , if we make a decision to live longer , following a suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
Believe me , you will never regret choosing me .
-There is no need for you to climb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
I thought that was only seen in films .
On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
Because it was our first day in the Algarve , we decided to explore a bit more of the area .
Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
I believe that this is wrong , because by doing so they 're not doing their job well .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Although I have 5 members in my family , just one of those 5 is my real friend .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
I promise you will not regret coming , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
He moves to another place because he does n't want to be in the same place where his father died .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two can speak about the matter and maybe reach an agreement .
Thank you for taking the time to read my application and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
However , there are many reasons that can cause business to drop off .
For example , individuals can reduce the use of plastic materials , use public transport to control emissions , recycle waste etc .
I always love writing .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
Dear Manager of the Summer Camp , USA ,
The solution , I think , would be to fine owners .
There are so many reasons that could affect the public transport system .
When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is only taken when no other option is possible .
It was a hammer .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
Dear
In conclusion , I believe myself to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
Yours faithfully ,
Yours sincerely ,
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
This was what I did in my vacation . I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacation .
While shopping , you are doing what you like and enjoy .
To me , it is boring point when I watch American football .
Only after having read the explanation was it possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
It 's not all the time that we are in good terms , but we know in ourselves that we care for each other .
They needed someone who looked important or rich .
The second thing is the quality of the equipment .
I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
Consequently , protective clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15€/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
Hi Max ,
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speaks English fluently ) .
This sport is done in pairs .
There is one thing that confuses me , and that is the old extension number .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
The TV people know what to broadcast so that children get addicted to TV .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not much money like having a car .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
I can relax when I walk alone and hear the sounds of the birds in the trees .
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
The only thing that differs is that the film actor has several takes as opposed to the stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
For example , India has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indian .
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a good example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and , therefore , the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
This type of process has been found in the three songs and it is very prolific .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of keeping it until they find a bin .
Conversely , grammar schools focus extremely on theory .
But before starting , you should evaluate your needs and your health .
After a while , I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
We are here to introduce you to the shopping facilities and shops in this town .
Nevertheless , people keep this compassion tidied away , because it is too painful for them to stand .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
There is more than one way to look at this statement .
I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
That is the reason why we are going to plant 1000 trees there .
When the woman left , I opened it eagerly and when I read the first sentence my heart stopped .
The best brother for me is the second one , who is a dentist .
We tried to contact as many family members as we could .
In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
No wonder most training includes intercultural communication and cultural awareness courses .
From this point view , the decrease in business must be caused by other factors , but not skateboard users .
The increase in the fuel cost , for example , will surely have a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniformly the same size .
Kind regards ,
A large number of people use it , which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
It is clearly seen that there is still a lot of room for survival for public transport .
If everybody goes in their own car , they have to park and maybe the place is full .
That is why many businessmen want to win this competition , so they have created so many special offers , like if you go to places , you can buy one get one free .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Finally , I really recommend this restaurant , especially for couples or friends that want to try something different and newfangled .
Sincerely
To turn to , already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals .
You may not have ever thought about it , but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
I worked on a project about how education as a fundamental right for children under 14 years of age is denied in some communities .
Then he hugged her .
Best regards ,
Nobody is sinless and people should not be treated as seriously as being sent to jail .
Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
A lot of public services have been cut in order to save money .
Yours faithfully ,
And we have some other media gadgets .
Next , we could ask our community for help . I have some books in my library I could donate .
We should meet online to play together .
We have it as a take away or we go to a pizzeria .
She just stood up , took her purse , and left .
Dear Jo
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
Subject : Concert in London
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " , to give an overall view of it .
Football is the favourite sport in the world .
That makes anybody feel a new level of pleasure in the same process that everybody repeats everyday , eating .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities using trains , buses , taxis , airplanes etc .
They decided to stop until the next day , as the dig was almost finished .
Thank you .
Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere with anyone .
Idon't know the end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
They think that , due to scandals , they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard study , homework , tests and more .
Travelling by car is great .
It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
For a start , the convenience for us for travelling around would probably be one of the main arguments .
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
This attitude is based more on the backgrounds of the people rather than on the system itself .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes has the tendency to let his personal feelings sway his professional judgement .
Through marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practise it with others that may have .
Compared to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us best .
Most people say that using a car is more convenient than using public transport .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " and other aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
So I decided to give it a try and I applied for that job .
At the end of Rust and Bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
After that , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
Good Morning !
On Saturday morning , I had to work and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
In order to avoid environmental pollution , people should use public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
Peter and his father were very busy solving the problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimuli .
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positive effects with it .
This is in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
This means that a number of offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options for earning money .
As for me , I do n't agree with these people .
Tomáš Baťa had his own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
There have been many projects to improve the care for the environment .
And of all Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
To illustrate , machinery and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop mass production and increase the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
Dear Summer Camp Director ,
Despite its ending and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
In conclusion , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
I had never been there before , so I thought - why not ?
Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own ?
However , traditional teaching methods , force - feeding students , have made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Do you like it ?
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
It will save lots of plants and animals . It will save the environment , so it will save you and me .
In contrast , there are two different types of company in the technology industry .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Many items in museums have cultural value as well as historical value .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I might put a mirror on the inside of one of the wardrobe doors .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want . There are places for everyone to enjoy .
People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .
The great view it provides is incredible .
Once , I took part in a half - marathon .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
But for Michael , she was his world .
I also watch cricket patiently .
Then as always , they played the Kazakhstan national anthem .
They fulfill all the functions that my friends have , and they fulfill them even better .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
It is almost as if I were at home now .
I have been swimming since childhood . I enjoy myself while I am swimming .
He carefully chose the clothes he was going to wear .
No one can deny that time is a big factor in our lives .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an Apple store .
Therefore , I am going to explain the advantages of walking .
We all have things in common , like riding scooters .
I'll never love any girls but you " .
I am not sure if I could afford it .
A new mode of transport must be found .
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Television provides a variety of educational channels as well .
I hope my proposal will be useful to you .
So , this means we are getting less intimate and becoming more gossipy at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
A drama club will make examining plays such as Shakespeare 's more enjoyable than solely studying them will .
I would n't consider myself against it , although I am aware of the risks .
Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , because more and more people are becoming members of the club .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love while feeling healthy and living healthily .
You agree with me , do n't you ?
Nearly every institution will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
Is change always good ?
I look forward to seeing you to spend this month together .
Who could it be ?
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
There 's also something for anyone who does n't like risky play .
Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
Cooking shows are fun to watch , but my favourite shows are those about cakes and pastries .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teacher who took care of children in school .
I intend to write every day to practise my writing .
The car stopped quickly and her friend stepped out of the car .
The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
The father , who had vowed to never look back , at first ignores her requests . However , upon insistence from his other children and his sister , agrees to go back to India .
On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of a private life .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
Neighbours helped them to build the building and , after a few months , they began to use it .
Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
Other players just stand there and watch the game just like us .
The restaurant was almost full .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
They meet at midnight to listen to the speeches of the leaders .
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
I would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
It was renovated last year and regulars like it a lot .
In the future , public transport will disappear .
Governments will define environmental policies in order to decrease the cost of carbon footprints .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
There are three reasons to choose this .
Do n't worry about the people who will interview you .
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
This is causing diseases and allergies that are affecting the citizens .
Team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
I do not think it 's easy to do research in India .
However , over time I began to understand how to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he works with your mother .
But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
As fuel prices are now coming down , that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever ; prices go up and down .
First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for food .
For this reason , I spend most of my time there .
The city council are dealing with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose job is to collect rubbish and keep the environment clean .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workers .
China has not take any further action .
Dear Jo ,
Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational school since my graduation .
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " , written by Eve Recht .
According to the schedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
Public transport , our cars or natural transport such as a bike .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
In general , all the things described above show how important reading is to exercise the brain .
Besides , he also came to be keen on learning foreign languages , so much so that he decided to enroll in courses in French and German .
Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it got to focus on his book .
Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
He is very helpful and collaborator .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
Nevertheless , governments claim that nowadays they are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I can see the greed in their eyes , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
The young people of both sexes prefer to be online or playing computer games in their leisure time .
Although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
It is thought that Chinese shops are the cheapest by far .
By increasing the variety of cars with new technology , people 's demand hasn't ' stopped .
She 's very small !
End .
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect dessert .
Many people think that parents are responsible for the bad behaviour of young people and they should be punished for that .
We have just started worrying about that , but the actions we 're taking are far from enough .
How to provide students with more real and relevant input , in the daily routine of an art class , seems to be a challenge for Arts and Crafts teachers , who need to bring together the development of the artistic language and the learning of a foreign language .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
It was the last year I was attending high school and final exams were approaching faster than I had thought .
For instance , students joining a sports team need to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds while trying new things and having new experiences that will be useful later in their lives .
Giving the students the answers to the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
Every time the sound of heartbeats started , something ensued .
Much shorter than their fellow tennis players , they have always been able to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good technique accompanied by a strong head .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
Every person is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
I am used to working a full - time job .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching them . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
I think that this sport is very happy .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
I began this sport 2 years ago .
I spent quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
I would say that this is because the public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
We 'd been driving for half an hour when I noticed that there was a white car behind us .
For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
I need to speak and participate more in class .
Go into the room .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
Apart from this , the small difference between ages is also an advantage .
From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
We will have furniture that does not stain .
It 's a good way to wake up !
I was especially delighted with the national music and Latin American dances .
I hope you 're OK , by the way .
We encourage people who come up with any innovative ideas about how we could further protect the environment .
He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
In the past , most people did not worry about their healthy .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
Slowly he became ill one more time .
Not knowing where the sound had come from , they were pulling out smartphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on the screen .
What about talking about fair play in sport and how to become a sports star ?
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republic before taking any step towards applying .
I think if the government do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
There is one argument that says that the TV promotes us .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
She opened her eyes .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking space , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
In addition , I am a team player with good interpersonal skills .
Another important one is " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% over the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
But what exactly makes spy stories so fascinating ?
In particular , I have been dealing with children with disabilities for 10 years .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
However , others believe that public transport is better , due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
Nowadays , our standard of living has become higher .
Today I will speak with my manager . I will drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Dear Paul ,
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25 years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turns out to be one of the polluted cities in India .
The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned about .
I have to .
Many people think living in the countryside provides a better way of life .
What a pity , that you were n't there .
" The taste of my blood was completely different from the Sacred Blood " .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , come and enjoy yourself .
Children have to be protected before and after life . That is why abortion has to be stopped .
Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
yours sincerely
The interior is simple .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain shows that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
The present belief is that scientific research will solve all problems and do away with all difficulties .
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people , because most of them go to study abroad and work in foreign countries .
You can tell because everybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid .
For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genres or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
Furthermore , football gives you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , the Maldives and Curacao .
The best sales achievement of the van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively .
I was born in 1996 on the 31st of January .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Cyberschool are n't interested in health and safety issues !
manually inspected by officers .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shoot ,
Another of my favourites is Will Smith . He appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and other excellent films like I am Legend .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing up very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face along the way .
In severe cases , it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
Please note that I am available to attend an interview .
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
Will you help me ?
Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitable candidate in engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
But in Egypt no one gets what he deserves . You have to pay a lot of money to have a job or know someone who can use his authority to appoint you .
Dear teacher ,
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
The lessons that scholars at that time received , most of them were about his ideology .
Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
I suppose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for them .
These kinds of websites allow people to interact with others directly via smartphones or computers .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
If we have extra time , we can do the other activity if you want .
Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a test tube .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping .
I play just for myself .
Cars have the ability to take you from your home to your place of work without any stopovers .
Another disadvantage is the unclean chairs on public transport .
He now realized .
Because this kind of music connects them at parties .
Those improvements should include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
Since you are coming in summer , you should visit Sharm or Hurghada for some sea activities like swimming , diving and snorkeling .
Do you want to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
Although I was not able to attain any awards in the competition , I gained a lot of public speaking skills from the competition .
The second part will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion techniques in detail .
I love swimming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool .
Football is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players each .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as bringing great prestige .
It is in the Gothic style .
I have also been preparing for the level 6 test since then .
It keeps our bodies strong .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling in my private car is much more convenient .
Besides yoga , most of them also have numerous other interests , like hiking , jogging , and baking .
Have you finally asked Mark out ?
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
But the way of using cars could change .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
In the first paragraph , I wrote that transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
Halloween is a traditional holiday in the USA but the original history came from the Celtic people .
Hi Michael ,
David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in society because it can influence people 's lives .
It is quite a tiring sport , but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me Chris .
Thus , more and more people , when buying a new car , also consider its environment friendliness and the possible impact on the community .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in terms of comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
I agree with the fact that as soon as their life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
However , it is one of the most motivating challenges in our lives .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
" he said , taking a pill . "
All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
More importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
The notice was about a competition .
In big cities , there 's a similar sport called basketball and this one is more for boys .
Just a glass of still water and some fruit .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
Places that you can visit : mountains , sea and lakes .
Oh ! My brother , David , is going to get married ! Surprise !
The woman is shown seated in an open area , and behind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
I took every free minute to go snowboarding .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
I had a great time with people working as a helper at the concert .
Mostly , the badminton clubs sell all kinds of badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
The other benefit relates to human life .
How many hours do you work in this business and what are the working hours ?
I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
We have done several movements , but sometimes it has not worked .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Skate or Hate
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality and to become better people in any aspect of our lives , because it represents a major challenge .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , countries would develop better if governments could make efforts to solve the above problems .
In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hero , get the feel of their role .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
Although this place offers a very good service for eating , you can bring your own food .
We visited many cities .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery " . It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the people buried there and their lives .
My opinion is the opposite of the one expressed in this composition title .
And I am confident that I would be a useful member of your summer camp team .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
He knew that if we had run away at that moment when the granny was on the ground , she would most probably die .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
It turned out that they were wearing roller hockey skates . "
Dear Dana ,
Here , you 'll find most kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
He decided it was time to face his enemy .
I am 25 years old .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but I was still very busy .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
They begin to study English at an early age .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complicate its field of possible actions .
Teacher , I know travelling by car is the most convenient .
The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
In my view , public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be affected by the appearance of private means .
However , other people think differently .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfect place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
The progress of science , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
I look forward to your reply .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which is being offered at your company .
Have you been studying English for years , but still ca n't say a word ?
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food sector .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
Many years had passed .
After that , we now need to print them out .
Firstly , start to use renewable energy .
So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travelling for all who do n't have a driving licence .
Such as ideas and learning more about the best methods to analyze data .
Because if you are trying to win , you will lose the most important thing : discovering how wonderful playing a sport can be .
Firstly , we are living in an unstable world .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
If you have that visa , you can travel and also work .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a post office .
Let me see your photos .
The waiter , Anthony , knew him and they talked to each other about how their day had been , while he served him the usual beer .
Keira Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
I hope you can come soon .
The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
Firstly , I do not understand why this is being implemented so quickly and why there has been no discussion - there is no time for anyone to feel comfortable with the idea .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
I did not know that he was still alive .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
The telephone was a convenience , something used to help people communicate , to make their lives easier .
Actually , there are many huge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage system for it , nor any specific canal system through which we can properly clean our city .
Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and as a result , it will be blown away by the wind .
First of all , of course , travelling by car is much more convenient than , for example , by bus .
Also , Coleridge had a concept of the sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
The dad , who is a cardiologist , moves to the US and starts a new life there .
That could end in constant arguments because of issues like privacy and so on .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
I am now a housewife .
If nobody talks to me , then none of you have the right to judge me .
Adam and John were very angry .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Studying overseas means not only changing conditions , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
There are lots of problems in our life .
In addition , I speak a little French .
The woman is shown with her hands folded , with her breast , neck , and face painted the same color as her hands .
After that , we went backstage and spent some time with the band .
Students have to do assignments in another language and use a different way of thinking .
For example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by women because they like to keep constant eye contact , and for these women , this means a lack of respect or invasion of privacy .
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
This opportunity appeals enormously to me and I feel confident that I can meet the challenges presented by such a role .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere . It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Ever increasing crowds in cities and traffic problems are increasing .
Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Because not many people go to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
There are a number of reasons why you should attend the funfair .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taken out of the library budget in 2015 .
Finally , in all cases , the stylistic choices are closely linked with the themes they deal with , which always concerned social issues .
I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am perfect for this post .
By plane , you rarely have problems with your luggage .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door to her .
When an important TV show goes through such a big change not everybody likes it , that is why the same thing happened when the BBC announced who would be playing the 11th Doctor .
Kim Page .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have great fun when we hunt , but sometimes we can be a bit angry with each other .
None of the people knew what that was , so they did n't care about it .
First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great way for shy people to socialize , because it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone face - to - face .
They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
Best wishes ,
People differ from each other and everyone has different professions .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something to suit them .
My tasks there were working with children of all ages to organise events , sports activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
We can indulge in many things if we can manage time properly .
Secondly , taking into account that long - distance trips can not be avoided .
I think every family has got a television in their own home and , for example , I have 4 televisions in mine .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
Only God knows !
This year , my country 's media celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
But the bunny yelled at him to shut the door and bit his arm so badly that tears came out instantly from his eyes .
I have . black skin , black hair .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
The reason is that TV viewers are watching them simultaneously .
Technology is one of the most important parts of our lives , so we should incorporate it into our habits .
This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
Those who hold that nature has a stronger influence than nurture on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
People from different cultures play in the same club .
Furthermore , people need to have a good memory to remember a large number of words .
My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
They sometimes almost fight for it .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all God 's creatures .
So , I think the advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the person watching .
They have a lot of faculty members .
For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
My brother 's child can very easily get the toy which he wants directly .
Nowadays , students have a lot of different forms of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
The lack of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want to for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly what we are getting into .
Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for other people .
Other people are far too messy .
But he did n't love her enough .
Or she can stay at home .
For these reasons , I see a bright future for public transport .
How do famous people feel and what do they miss ?
The more we got deep into conversation , the more I wanted to learn this type of skating .
The idea of painting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
Importantly , serious changes in blood lactate levels were not found either .
All in all , a great experience ! You can rely on my help next year !
A large scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Ta
The lifestyle , technological equipment and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation recovers .
So , the ugly truth is , my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying this .
A concerned population
Depending on your personal interests , you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
It , today , has millions of followers who believe in its philosophy that reincarnation is the truth and a human feels tied - up because of the constant pull of the strings of his past lives .
You can sit there and wait for your pizza while watching the football match or take your pizza home .
I hope I have helped you with this information .
I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
Japan lost a lot , but it was able to get back up on its feet .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot , since you will be hearing and speaking it all day .
If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
I wish you lots of luck here .
The principal is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
Just keep going and try to do it again .
Secondly , I can catch the narrator 's emotions .
On the other hand , friendship is a two - way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson and , according to student feedback , so did they .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he was successful in killing the bird of prey .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
Life is fast moving and time is money .
Such large - scale building projects have created a large amount of problems for both human beings and animals .
I am interested in applying for the job vacancy at the Cafe you run .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
Dear Jane ,
I feel very proud about that .
People organise common action for cleaning areas near houses .
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides .
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
There are several reasons to support my position .
These are the reasons why I 'm great for this job .
In my opinion , people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
In my teens , I was fascinated by planes .
Three robots at a specific hour perform a show with instruments like a band .
I want to work in your cafe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
Then the sheets of bank notes are printed . Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised .
I 've been doing that for around twenty years .
Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn . For kids who still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for them to help them learn faster by watching television .
Soon , one of them is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris which is heading for the Shuttle where the two astronauts are .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
Hi Maxi !
Those channels always contained a lot of new technology .
She did not suspect that it would be such a wonderful evening .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
They were always wanting to change some songs which were on the list .
It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find change refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally and socially .
With this belief , we endeavor to keep our city as clean and attractive as possible .
For me , the car is the best . And you ?
Turn off the lights when you leave a room and do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
He had very beautiful brown hair , green eyes , and a perfect smile .
2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
In conclusion , large - scale building projects take the living resources from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
On the left , I saw my parents . Okay , inhale , exhale , I can do this .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close relatives and friends .
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
" Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , fame .
In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
By the way , if you can send me a list of job vacancies in your city it would be great .
Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
There is the possibility of rain .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The home of the future .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheeky , in a good way .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are much dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Finally , Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
When something important happens , the first person I will call is a member of my family .
More professional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discussion among teachers .
Ainoa .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
Can we negotiate with them ?
Aurora
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different small dishes and share them .
This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Since that day , basketball has been my favourite sport .
I can play it with good friends , it 's a fun sport , but it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Maybe this sounds a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only make our minds up to be able to look across .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
Our competition was on Monday . We had one day left .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
Thank God I had n't jumped or I would have been a ' dead duck ' for sure !
Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
Public transport may be the only option for individuals who do not drive or have access to a car .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has a negative impact on our health and the ecosystem .
Apart from this , the presidential election in the US is full of unfairness .
There is a categorisation of countries ; there are developed countries , emerging ones and countries on the way to development .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected Italian culture and history a lot . In fact , if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others .
That is why a lot of big names suffer from depression or even try to take their life .
At the entrance of the temple were two statues . The first was white and the second red . The statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Once we passed the sculptures , our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
Also , I have taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
I have a good - looking face , keep fit .
What 's up ?
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and well qualified airline company which I can afford .
Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong .
I took part in many international marketing products about how to create advertising correctly .
Write back to me as soon as you decide when you want to go to the park . I 'll go with you with pleasure .
I did the IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Besides , it can also improve the consistency of advertising platforms .
It 's only a dream .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impacts on different species .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Could you help me please ?
There are a lot of accidents because many people drive so fast .
So , normally , the use of a car is for pleasure .
There 's another way to survive this competition .
Dear Mr. Smith ,
In my opinion , public transport will still exist in society .
Of the given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
Nobody liked him at first , but now that he is leaving everybody loves him and wants him to stay .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elderly woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
This scientific discovery broke down barriers and enabled biologists to observe organisms that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
In fact , it is an important decision .
For example , with every film seen , our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions around a subject related to the film .
I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in my hotel room during my stay .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities are focusing on how to include green plans in their future work plans .
I am Alexander Sokolov .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage ' at St Petersburg State University .
tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
Suddenly , Agatha sees , through the windows , a 30-year - old man . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
CLOTHES
Every day , every hour , he found himself thinking about the future .
In this place , " Stella d'oro " , the owners prepare delicious rolls .
Our town takes care of the environment of our neighbourhood very seriously .
For another , there are many different types of programs which can broaden our views ; they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk shows and so on .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
He is my best friend and brother .
Being aware of current affairs is important in our life .
Relax
Dear Sir or Madam ,
A few months ago , he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appeared behind me .
The must - see place is St. Basil 's Cathedral , the beautiful architectural symbol of Russia .
Exhaust fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
Although I believe that I already have improved my English since the beginning of the school year , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
The conflict was due to trend creation ; citizens of both countries wanted to see who created better and bigger trends .
The time at university is the most important time in our lives , because we learn a lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country , but also a beautiful place to visit .
In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that makes the research fail .
These kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantages .
I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
Apart from classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no longer in with young people in my country .
The Gambia is visited by many tourists because of him .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work in his favour . The servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix them .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was the lowest compared with other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
When we arrived there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
You ca n't go there and not eat memelas , which is like huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired from the exam , so I spent all day lying on the sofa doing nothing apart from watching the TV and chatting with my friends .
Yours faithfully ,
I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network . Of these , the live roleplay looks promising .
First of all , you should find the entrance of the airport .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for too much time , because this could be dangerous for their health , causing sight problems or headaches .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
If you do n't think the same as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem with that .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
' The moment of realisation hits you like a ton of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret and guilt '
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I was very busy with the school project I had to do this month .
They decided to forget what happened and stay friends .
It comes as no surprise that women love shopping .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
There she was , standing in front of me .
Dear Ann ,
I enclose my CV for your information .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads between the south and the center of Spain .
I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the university .
Back then , when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
However , a lot of people are becoming more and more conscientious about how important travelling by public transport is .
Apart from strange cases , who does n't want to try the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurter sausages in the place where they were invented ?
Fira
If I want to sleep , he stops his own imagination to let me relax and rest .
PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
For instance Christiano Ronaldo .
Three words that describe me best are , perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist .
Dear Jo ,
So stop searching for the right sport . This one is for you !
Cause there was lots of damage , but they did n't take responsibility .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
So , there will be a future for public transport because of its benefits or advantages to human society .
I believe I am suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how to cook very well .
What 's up ?
I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
I grew up in a one - parent family .
So , we should carry on dusting , cleaning or washing .
" Never would I have thought that I 'd go out of my house and come back as almost a midwife ... " thought Peter when he was driving back home .
CONCLUSION
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has invited us to join them .
And sometimes public transport is better and sometimes using the car is better .
We have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
Now Peter could fly on his own .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
I hung up the phone and I went out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
My first day at ACU came as a surprise to me .
Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
Higher purchasing power means that we can buy more goods using the same amount of money .
In the summer around the lake there are so many concerts so you have difficulty finding the right one .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy it a lot if you worked here .
I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded in peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you are fond of !
At school , I learned to cook and to wait on tables .
The experience was great and since then I 've always wanted to have the experience of working again in an English speaking country .
She told me not to watch horror movies again .
I have a car and I can go to a lot of places , because it is fast .
Dear Director ;
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
As well as the shops , some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
The artist wanted to represent the difference between the ecological recycling of plastic compared to the common collection of trash .
They entered .
FILM REVIEW
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , not - for - profit organization run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higher education .
Last week was a hard week for my wife .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children , as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now . This winter will be the third .
I think education is one of the most important things for everyone .
There are plenty of ways to make new friends .
He is prejudiced toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
However , compared to the line for the indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably larger .
This was demonstrated during the project Introductions session as well as the lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lot of free time , so I would love to spend the summer working in one of your camps .
Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
All in all , in most cases , using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
First of all , I would like to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
Many experts have emphasized the market maturity and the number and variety of competitive choices among service providers .
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country , a museum is not a wise option .
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
Sport not only helps people to become strong and to develop physically but also makes them more organized and better disciplined in their daily activities .
That 's the point of the Internet .
He is a team player and has been appreciated not only by his team but also by all the people he has dealt with .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that stress decreases considerably .
Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
Yours sincerely ,
Some people would say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know how a politician lives so they can know if he should be trusted .
The first one is to study a lot of grammar lessons , and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun 's rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like living here .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet and said that it would make me happier .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
It can be suggested that a combination of both media will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
I was n't a mere spectator .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I could n't understand anything and I could n't talk .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes totally red .
Something else I like to do is shopping .
Other ones , which are bad sheets and bad bank notes , which are damaged apparently , are destroyed securely .
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
Another important reason is that I want to have some money for personal things .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent child .
A variety of negative impacts appear as a result of rapid urbanization .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and you are probably not on time .
The other evenings , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
Of late , debates on news channels are the talk of the town where you get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
I believe I am a good fit for this job since I have previous experience working in similar jobs .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
We played football every day in school and I was the best .
Also , it has a spacious kitchen .
Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
I hope that you will find my suggestions useful .
The resort mainly focuses on children , which is , in my eyes , a good idea .
Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
These are elements of art .
Dear Jo ,
Therefore , dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
At this shopping center I bought a new blue skirt .
We eat special stamina food .
Hi Jo !
Therefore , further avoidance of movement occurs and leads to frozen shoulder .
In this category , " KD " is the most expensive with a cost of $ 200 .
It not only helps reduce pollution , but also allows users to save money in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
Will you help me to write a striking CV ?
If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .
Pickpockets are frequent and you might end up being robbed , losing your money , credit cards and personal ID card as well .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a point or have a bad day , because the other players can sympathise with you .
m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
The skills include the ability to communicate with people and to overcome hardships .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I thank you for your time and interest .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Now I believe that the best moments in life are when you have time with your family . It is the best way to recharge your battery for everything .
I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thankful for my help tidying up his garden the week before .
Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we are going to use .
At the end we read a sentence : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
In the north of the city , people sell all types of food .
In my country we have dinner late as a rule .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance than short journeys .
t all started when I found a book on the bus .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with the ability to kill .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model , Iman , also began after this pioneering shoot .
In my opinion , firstly , new buildings on the banks must be forbidden at all .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
During the trip you can do many things - from sleeping to meeting new people and having fun .
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their sources of food and water could be a serious problem .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumerism and lack of awareness about waste management .
It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people here .
I suddenly knew what had happened , he had taken his own life , and my heart broke .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially the area between chemistry and physics .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no circumstances should we miss it !
What if they forget themselves ?
In addition , cars have been increasing the world 's carbon emissions and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Even the kind of house painting can be changed over time .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangers there are on the internet .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for the summer holidays with impatience .
I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care about me .
I will find someone who knows the agency 's manager , and you will
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels we mainly run our vehicles on will not last forever .
And she has written a letter to you asking you to grant Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
For some people , living a life which enables them do what they like and like what they are doing is enough to be considered as a successful life .
Lastly , public transportation makes you sure to arrive on time .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , France , around the 1980 's .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills . Thanks , too , to your help .
It is very creepy !
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
Valeria
Some public vehicles are dirty and smell .
The next day , I was reluctant to get up and go to class .
Some think that volunteers should involve careless people in many projects to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
Regardless of the mode of transport , fares are very affordable .
All this began because the first telephone that I received was faulty .
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
They give examples of when the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
In addition , the issue of water is another big problem .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
While the phone was ringing , I felt shivers down my spine .
A new era was created . It was the most brutal period in the history of mankind . It was known as many things . Most people named it " The Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the official name was " The Dark Yellow Era " .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law , they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives .
To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
Let us play cards .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because there are still people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
I had also auditioned , only because my best friends pushed me very hard , and I was 100% sure that I would n't even get a small role in the play .
Furthermore , I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who would be able to look after groups like us ?
I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
The condition of my country is really critical , I think .
For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
I have one brother and one sister .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at school , and there he is captured by a man .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
All in all , owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that the pet needs .
There are some reasons why they are not , as follows .
Some public transport like trains do not pollute as much as cars or motorbikes .
An example would be the Camden Town market .
The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feelings of awe , danger or weakness .
Obviously , because in every story , book or movie , although heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
I put some ice cream and milk in the blender and pushed the " start " button .
In my opinion , we need to thank people like him .
This diabetes is caused by bad diet of people or because people have a bad life .
And , so do I. I also like sports .
Dear Paul ,
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her qualifications .
Date : 27.10.2015
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
The Beautiful Game
Although Milford Comedy Club offers a fun night with four established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train to reach Brighton ?
I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
Svetlana
I love the way he plays .
It saves a lot of our time .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm meal of the day as well as the heaviest meal of the day .
Firstly , the fare for public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrated to the north every Monday .
Dear Paul ,
Dear Mr. Green ,
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
I like it very much .
changes swiftly .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
My stepdad shot a very big moose when I was there with him and I got the trophy of the moose .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors do , is to focus on a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
My name is Sarah .
The advice that I would give people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience of working in a team that is full of new people .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that you want to learn . It will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
You feel like you are at home !
In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
Thanks for your latest letter .
Travelling or moving from one place to another by car is much more convenient than public transport .
Don't!"she said and threw the pillow at his face .
His feet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
1250
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I do not care he thought . Maybe I lost my soul , but now she is alive .
On the other hand , cars are not only expensive to purchase , they also require fuel , which is very expensive .
It was a beautiful Sunday morning and Michael was preparing to go out to meet his old friend Peter .
It was fantastic .
He 's very friendly .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
This job is of great interest to me as it reflects my ambitions in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
To reduce the above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of buildings and transport and try their best to decrease the side effects .
He took down every mistake he made his in last films .
For our dinner at the end of the course , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they had different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
Once they had arrived at the shelter , the family started to say goodbye to the dog , crying loudly .
Your dear , Vitaly
Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
The Alhambra Palace was the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim king , who was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .
Chandler is the funny guy and he works as a stock agent .
You should take a look at the things your children have within their reach .
I think you will like me .
The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Do 's
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that will solve all our problems .
You do n't need to worry about timetables .
It was strange , because I never went to sports .
I personally think that the film shows an interesting view of psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problem .
Cars are generally more expensive .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the right one .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is my duty to use my legal knowledge to protect them from infringement of their rights .
I found your website and this is my first try .
Therefore , water scarcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environmental damage .
For example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their language .
But when comparing my family with my father 's family ,
In the diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and really fun .
I also think that a lesson went well if they did n't talk and did their work .
In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoying your work because we spend an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be hell .
- And I forgot to add that you must do some morning exercises .
From my perspective , it is the process that is more valuable .
Therefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a few seconds .
The members of my family are my best friends .
All around the world pupils are waiting to finish school .
I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
We can accept that our life will be quite different from now in fifty years .
When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud voices of the people .
I went to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was assigned to a level higher than mine .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk , and crowds of customers everywhere .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
Dear John ,
In the first case , Europe had the highest percentage of land degraded by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
After a Year …
How are you ?
Overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly for housing , then followed by food / clothes .
Dear camp director ,
The aim of this experience is also to have fun and a great time with you .
I know it .
After that , on the next day , I feel better .
The light is diffused so that the various curves and geometrical shapes in the painting are made visible through it .
The way they present themselves in the media and the well - founded research are truly unique in German news programmes .
the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
What do people do with their rubbish ?
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and prestigious dance teachers in the world .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between one programme and another , we are bombarded by the same ads all the time .
Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
Anna looked at her watch and went as fast as she could run to the park .
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
People are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
On the one hand , society is becoming increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily .
Recycling bins have been installed on every public housing estate and most housing estates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
As a consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is gradually lost .
Secondly , mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
If you do not have enough time to exercise every day , you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society were threatened in the most denigrating ways ; men were the undisputed authority in the house .
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I would go to his house that evening .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can invest a lot in clothing and gadgets .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
Kisses .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
They are really good !
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
Goodbye
I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help by preparing some sweets for children .
Next week a cousin that he did not know . He was a very rich man and when he found out about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
So , let 's start .
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
It is clear that genes play a very important part in the person we are .
This is the reason why self - driving cars may be something only for rich people in the near future .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city , but there are many more to discover !
The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
I think that it is very interesting and I like it .
Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people about the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
After that , she went to the hospital
But for me , this had been the start .
Seeing all of that , we will change our future , doing different things than they have done .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
My favourite sport is badminton .
First of all , It is true that not all people like doing sports because they are hard work and a bit stressful too .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
For these reasons , it is unlikely there is no future for public transport .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
After the inquiry , Michael was put behind bars and the girl went away .
And some people have already switched to using public transport like trains or buses .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays in .
Other people like sports too , but they only watch sports competitions , listen to sports news .
People are becoming more and more aware of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities have already outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given parts of their cities to reduce atmospheric pollution and improve the quality of its air .
The food is varied .
Yes ? '
You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
Abortion can be given as an option in life-threatening.pregnancies .
He concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private lives and professional careers , you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
This change makes most people have to work every day , even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and boost their energy after work .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
In the evening , we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it to be an actual barrier to the expression of the people 's will . "
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
I am hardworking as well .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
Convenience is not the only consideration when we are travelling .
He was assigned to a task in the rehabilitation center .
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice , too .
Compared with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of Asia .
Think about your family . Is it important to you ?
On the other hand , the skyscraper causes more problems , such as pollution .
Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .
Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything has been said and no new forms can be created .
Unfortunately , shopping can also bring displeasure .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to improve their mood .
One of them which covers all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
As a result , I am well prepared to collaborate with interdisciplinary teams as well as to be effective at independent work when I am required to use my own initiative to complete a task or solve a problem .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV over reading a book as first option .
Cambera ACT 25089
People also have an important role in solving this problem .
My favorite sport is Cricket .
Dear Maria ,
Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
It was a lot of fun , mainly because it was just us two .
We will eat a legume soup as a starter , a boiled fish with green salad as the main course and a dessert at the end .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
House no 26
José Luís .
To conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working on what we like .
He was very jealous , but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of trust , but it did not and ended up making me sick as the time passed .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
In this step , the workers should be able to tell the good quality sheets from the bad ones .
Where are you from ?
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without shelter .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to militarily intervene in Cuba if necessary .
If you like night life , you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere in Asia to start a new way of living .
This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
If I were you , I would go running in the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
In fact , in some overdeveloped countries maybe it will disappear , because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
Very quickly he got up and tried to put that sensation out of his head , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
Yours sincerely
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
It might be a simple way but perhaps society will be proud of what are they doing .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire that occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
Lastly , hiring a spokesperson entails high costs in promotion .
With love , Santiago .
He returned to London and began to compile a portfolio .
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appeared in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen apart .
After an hour Mindy was holding her baby- girl and Peter was trying to realize what had just happened .
Schools provide you with healthy food whereas we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Actually , they like the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habits .
While Michael goes out , a red light appears in John 's eyes .
As they were talking , Anna 's best friends came .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different to what you had imagined .
I only wanted to tell you that Joe is going to have a party at his house tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there " , she said .
Bea
Unless you get a job in that year , to keep you busy , or do something that keeps you focused and gives you a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
I saw the advertisement for your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to find out more details .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
The main character is Tim .
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displaying its history as well as the other collections .
It was awful .
Four years ago , I often had colds and long recovery periods .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all the famous castles and churches .
Michael was still hurt .
One day I dreamt that I was a millionaire . I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Seville .
And it is also known to be my favourite sport .
As a martial artist , you start to achieve great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
She knew that besides her , the race would be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job , because I like children and I have experience of babysitting . Also , I work very well at making food .
People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided with energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
The words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
Today , because of the progress of industry , we have caused so many environmental problems that did n't arise before .
I can also learn about astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
He could n't believe that .
Many . Many people have no vehicles , they only depend on public transport for some reasons .
They enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
People wear special clothes .
Ricki is not the fastest driver on the track , but he drives very safely .
And surely , I would .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
( Essay )
XYZ
I read your advertisement on your internet Website .
The crystal clear and mild sun is a great favorite of mine .
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
He lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
They had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves from him .
To sum up , I think it is inevitable .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really
We found a way to help a lot of people to live a happy life and enjoy what they have .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , a country I have always wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care for their children .
These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man .
On the one hand , there are many students who strongly believe that having a break for quite a long time is a waste of time .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
No one can deny the importance of travelling .
My fascination for those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , the black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wonderful experiences too .
There is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
And when you are starting , follow the discipline and find the ideas and thoughts that are hidden behind the movements and techniques .
Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for survival .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteers and if you are considering
And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "
When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
He could not keep his betrayal inside any longer , so he went into the living room and told her .
But for the greatest part I was able to just listen to the music and sing along with the jovial guys leaning against the bar .
, later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
Probably , if we used public transport like buses instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect caused by the CO2 produced .
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was : ' Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
I admire extreme kinds of sport .
Outline of the club 's activity
Not many of us are going to risk our lives , especially when we all know we are going to have a fresh start in college .
Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation about how our town takes care of the environment as well as about what people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
In the case of the indoor swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each season .
Love , see you soon .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
He put his hand on the handle and , without thinking too much , he opened the door .
Dear Paul ,
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter , which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
And I decided to try .
This book is very exciting because there are a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
The pain became stronger and stronger .
In particular , I would like to point out Mathew McConnahy 's role .
Jack was a fat , lazy guy who loved food , and he would never miss a meal .
Margot
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
My ability to learn and work , together with my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
We need to slow down time !
Recommendations
There will always be a kitchen , because we must eat , there will always be a bathroom - you know why .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years old .
I will never forget that trip .
My apartment is very beautiful .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning an unconscious physiological reaction into a conscious one .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy about that , but I still think that it 's not the truth .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on the table , no one is in the room , and the light is off .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins never shift their positions and postures , even though the protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
However the first article was more motivating to read , because the author substantiated important suggestions .
I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
People will have a device that puts out the light when we leave the room .
This , unfortunately , was only an excuse . He was only pretending to retire as he had already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
Also , there are many places to see , mountains and lakes where you can relax and have fun .
The condition starts with pain when you move your shoulder joint and then progresses into total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
The year 2064 .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries who are against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
Phoebe is the funniest of the group . She sings and plays the guitar , but she is not very good at it .
When we came back to our dressing room , " Golem " was waiting for us .
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
Peter had been kissed by his mum before , but this time was quite different .
Can you help me ?
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply , " Walter Mitty " .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results , so I am suitable for the job .
In 2 hours , Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people ate more meat with wine . In fact , growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
Many people would not .
The last point is that people go for long journeys by public transport .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his Facebook page .
Summing Up
If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
In more recent years , in World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent gangrene .
Yours sincerely ,
The key is probably in the classroom .
To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make television a very good tool to get the family together and have an enjoyable time .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
It was a really amazing day full of pleasures .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
I have never forgotten that funny story about the baseball match .
I love the fact that in this book there are a lot of German words , so I could also improve my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded by a bunch of fellas , meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
Sometimes , many people want to travel far away over long distances , so they need planes .
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
On the other hand , Joey and Chandler live together .
I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
2 September 2016
that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
Sometimes , passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks , which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
In the first place , we have to know why we evaluate .
Dear Sir / Madam
The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
Fortunately , train tickets are cheaper .
There is no future for public transport ?
It is also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
That 's why I decided to tell you about an interesting place in our city .
Public transport reduces the car congestion problems .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
We wo n't have schools .
I work in Café Noir , a well - known restaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of town .
She went into the " reading room " where there were thousands of books and she hid between two huge bookcases .
Dear Mr Dimara ,
Nowadays , buses using electronic power instead of petrol have appeared in cities .
I am a good cook .
There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
I heard that you were working on an experiment ! "
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
On the other hand , an almost equal number of people may have a contrasting point of view .
Secondly , I would like to mention that I agree with the experiment that is taking place in some districts permitting students to use their mobile phones for educational purposes , and what is more , with Richardson 's facing this issue .
One reason for the change may be due to the lifestyle that people have .
A pleasurable tourist destination is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loved her .
When Michael woke up that morning he smelled a strange smell in the air . He did not know what what the source of that strange smell was but , in his nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
Here is some basic information about the news .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserves to have a private life .
The age between 13 and 19 is the revolutionary one .
The play becomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's death .
I was so happy !
Fabio
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
We just wait until others clean the streets .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
Added to what I know , that makes it attractive .
Why is that so ?
Students log in the website
You have only to choose what is the best for you .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a widescreen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
The home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
See you my Nigga !
If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
The reason why the government even take action is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
I would like to ask you for just one piece of information .
It also cools you down from all the heat left from the summer and into the fall .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing . She turns 50 this year .
I 've been working with children of all ages for eight years .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do the same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
Then College Film Club is just for you !
In my area there are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
While comparing the drawbacks of public transport with modernized vehicles , public transport may not seem to be a better choice .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
, like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi . They are two people who succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit on your route , no fixed timetable for car travel .
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
Football
But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design . They really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of the characters .
I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
I like their style and lives .
Thank you for your message .
To test the research 's hypothesis , self - administered questionnaires were used on a total of 400 customers .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
Michael got married to his close friend only one month ago .
Every day , the fuel that we use in our cars is more expensive than using public transport .
If the present does n't satisfy you , let 's take a trip into the future .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
I would also recommend you to visit the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
I like neither dirty people nor dirty places .
In general , I find it very boring and stressful .
In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and they helped each other .
Secondly , you should try to get as much speaking practice as possible .
I was born in Russia , but have lived in many different countries around the world .
In the former , people have almost equal ability , and value interpersonal relationships .
In the last year , some politicians have decided to put our city in order . So , for example , they put again to place the roads .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
I am going to miss my family .
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
As a result of finding this solution , they have more space to work on earth and they even protect the environment .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity to spend my summer in a more fun way .
Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like that .
In conclusion , public transport is needed by everybody in a necessary time .
To me , love is not about having two parties loving and embracing each other .
Indeed , what I did in the vacation was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
So the government should oversee these companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they should be fined and closed down .
We should properly plan for our city to properly look after it .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Nowadays , I see bins everywhere and even a small child of 3 being taught to put unwanted materials in the bin .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened , he automatically put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in modern European history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
I saw it with my family ; my children and my husband . We had a good afternoon .
On the other hand , near the Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches where the water is very clean and warm .
But again , you never gave up and now you play in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The bus started after half an hour and Michael started talking with his parents over the phone and discussing his business .
He decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Mel .
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you wanted to come to celebrate the end of the year .
I witnessed and learned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
The males who filled in the questionnaire and the females alike spend many hours surfing the Internet .
Anyone who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
First of all , my mother , my children , my partner and I took the train from Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plants .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , which is as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and drought in Africa .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
And she was ready .
after that last point We can not go everywhere we would like using a car .
He started with a group of six who signed a consent to participate in the focus group .
Nowadays , cars are more affordable than ever .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
I 'm very cheerful and I rarely lose my temper .
The place was a bit gloomy and cold but I had no choice ; I was too tired to move on .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
So he must have killed him with the poison .
Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . In 50 years ,
As I see it , personal identity is the result of the interaction of our genetic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
You should try this sport now .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experience .
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
I had a really good time with my boyfriend . This place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
From : Simonetta
It was in Italy , in Bergamo to be precise .
It has been my life goal to become an English teacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
Have you made any progress on your website project ?
This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
Just to make everything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on the snow and fell on his back .
I am a very hard - working , organized , calm and friendly person .
Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
Thank you for your kind consideration .
We try to steal minutes from every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
This is a sport that improves your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
He tried to stop some cars that passed on the street , but it was useless .
After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
Yours faithfully ,
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or making fresh bread .
By train , you do n't always have room for your luggage .
I was so excited and very happy .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
In fact , in its final minutes , it makes you believe , for one misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reigning in the universe .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
What is more , I hate doing shopping when I really need to buy something .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
Years ago , pollution was not a big problem to deal with .
Thinking about it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons , and when they will be ready to watch again .
I would like to get good advice about how I can make myself a better writer .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
First of all , self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
These computers are very popular .
If you feel love , share it ! Every day may be the last .
So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
You 've read it right .
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
Besides , avoiding the dubbing process , episodes can be seen in concert with their original airing .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence our life and people around us .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
I hope that you will be able to come to the wedding .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you glued to the screen .
Some people think there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
We have to invest our love , dreams , patience , and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
The rest of the dining room is exclusively for eating meals .
Life is change .
There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including art , music , literature etc .
Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
It was Anna 's wedding day .
Lubomir Sawicki
She passed next to the bar where her boyfriend was getting high with some , unknown to her , boys .
But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , and repair fees are very expensive .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer in her office to go back home .
Sometimes , it seems we have reached the pinnacle of existence .
Normally , I do n't spend a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
In 1994 , The Scream , one of the most expensive paintings in the world , was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
The Bouchon ' .
He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
One day , when she followed him home she said : Okay , I give up !
I 'm looking down at those woods .
They 've got many moose , so they shoot a lot of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
Crowded buses spread epidemics in our society .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
She explains that in the process of purification , a large amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
The receptionist nodded and conducted both to the main hall .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
It must be really stressful when you ca n't go anywhere without journalists following you .
Second , I am a quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .
The people were screaming .
Finally , my overall budget is 900 pounds .
They persecute an American family that went there because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives of that place hated most .
When I was a youngster , my father and I rode a motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
This guy actually asked her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
And that 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keep for myself forever .
I 'm a free Catholic .
How are you doing ?
For example , the tower has a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
Moreover , tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
You only have one opportunity to make a good first impression , he said to himself .
On the other hand , the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has recently been opened .
However , you need to understand that learning a new language is not an easy task .
My opinion is that only a minimum of money is necessary .
Public transport helps us to know our country and enables our body to move from one place to another .
I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
And Michael just had the regret all the way later
They seem happy with the way they live and embrace the change in everything .
FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPORT
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Summer is great because it 's time to put your feet up and relax .
It would be a great pleasure for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that offers high - quality learning .
Do they like it or not ?
Moreover , pupils demand the possibility to borrow books .
-ja amm second ?
This topic leads me to think of the professional skill " Architecture design " .
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time doing .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would say that this job was made for me .
The feeling of the end of her great journey through time .
-be lazy
At the beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I was tired or hurting .
It makes you see the road and your environment differently .
He was the Khan of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .
The scientists that were making the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our language school inviting applications for the post of Club organiser .
Watching quiz programs is a main way to educate oneself .
If that is not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
She was Sara .
Welcome to Russia !
If you 'd like , we could get references from our previous landlords .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life now .
The furniture consists of a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red cloths .
Introduction
Vanity fair is a good example of a book full of surprises .
Indeed , negative vibes filled my thoughts after finding out that I was to practice my chosen profession in the place I feared the most .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
The author created the horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
Without teachers ' guidance , self - study may cause some problems for children , such as possible misunderstandings .
Of course , it may happen at times that I dislike what I discover !
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
As you said , the safety of the students is our main concern . We must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car prevents you getting wet when the weather is rainy .
It is a true statement about cars . Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new technologies apply to the
Nowadays , we are still together , and we are as happy as in our beginning .
Dear Company ,
People come forward and utilise these bins effectively instead of throwing rubbish away .
I like this game very much . It is a very useful game . It helps me to keep fit . I started playing basketball many years ago . I want to be a very famous basketball player .
If you get lost in the metro , do n't worry .
That I danced for two years , but I stopped because I did n't have time .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was a very good experience for me .
The article states that the most efficient replacement for internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .
Education and technology are closely related , to a certain extent , in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
clothes , not too hippy , but something comfortable .
Bad sheets and bank notes will be securely destroyed .
Of course , then he handed two " Staff " tickets to me .
I 'm glad to hear that you are having a great time abroad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
The main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
To sum up , doing shopping is unavoidable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
When exactly did the deception begin ?
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience in a way that allows them to play with the characters as if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
What is it about cooking shows ?
In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
My wife is a very special person to me . I like her very much .
Famous people need love , family , entertainment and support .
When I 'm playing this sport I have great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in the future .
Some people say that there is no future for public transport .
I have been thinking about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
That was the reason I did not finish the book .
Micheal was really scared and he closed his eyes .
I know that my old man , Navarro , is the one to have sweaty hands now !
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead that a day will come when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
The doorbell rang .
Gliding in the waves
He must began to be the king .
Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
It was in the middle of the night when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
My parents always supported me , they always believed that I could do this .
On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for a higher price than normal to the circus .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
Town 's actions
I look forward to receiving your reply .
This is why the members of my family are my best friends .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
You could ask them about me and they would answer you immediately .
Good morning .
By this action , athletes may improve their performance as well as their quality of life .
I think public transport is very important .
That was the key to opening the treasure chest full of golden opportunities .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose but for different reasons .
Although I rarely watch the show on TV , I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring news so vivid and interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
This work entailed managing all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital and offline media .
The supervisor of the study , John M .
Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
Confronting challenges . Primary students struggle with the difference between first language and the one they are learning .
Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
When I joined the freshman year team , I did n't realize what I was getting into .
Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . and they do not have a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
But Michael sometimes has a problem .
Wellness depends on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and have normal people again .
Thanks for your letter .
Uncertain future for Public Transport
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV ,
The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
On the other hand , some people let time control their lives .
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
For instance , it this be social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment situation or entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it is worth it , because you can save money .
To summarize , the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
I would be glad to further expand upon what I can offer in an interview .
Furthermore , we also save time : as cities become bigger it becomes more and more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wasting time looking for somewhere to park , or wasting money on expensive car parks .
The perfect one !
Feel the drama and realism of the best known event in Easter , played for nine years by the inhabitants , " The Passion of Christ " .
Then , we can go out for a party night in the west of the city .
I am very pleased to hear that you finally managed to open your restaurant .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
The group is named Hogwarts .
Football is an important sport that unites nations .
It builds sewage sites for the disposal of the city 's waste .
We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
But family never let you go and family never go away from you !
There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
It 's appealing and full of this eerie spirit of the past .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
Imagine going to work on a rainy day : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt on your stilettos while you are making your way to a bus stop .
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
you can enjoy yourself a lot and learn more about different cultures .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
But I could n't go with them at the time . I was sick a lot .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
The police were chasing a thief that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
So Peter had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting for his father to get home to get the milk with the car ?
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since it is fast , is n't affected by traffic , and it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
But let 's talk about working there .
Apart from that , as I believe that languages are the basic channel of communication between people , I have studied several foreign languages to equip myself .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because I 'm qualified for this job , I have the requirements that are requested to apply to work here .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
Fear of seeing granny at night is stronger than anything else .
The investigation reveals that youngsters are more than ever power to
Actually , you have more freedom as to which roads to choose and you can have breaks whenever you feel a need for some time off the street .
It has a high - density population because of its small territory .
In all cities of the world , people will need public transport to get around the city .
So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
For example , is there a library where I can study in the evenings ?
First of all , let me address the title of this article .
The statement claims that the educational institutions are responsible for convincing students not to put too much effort into fields or subjects that they are not good at , which I can not agree with .
To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
The external aspect is : external client orientation .
Plastics are non - biodegradable materials which decompose after 1000 years .
We had very , very good weather .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a way to keep together these two important aspects .
These days , travelling by car is becoming more popular among urban people .
However , I was too dizzy to walk straight so that I took a taxi .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . Hence having enough money as a stable income can not be disregarded .
That letter has changed my whole life .
I think people know that their dogs litter the city , but they prefer not to do anything .
Greets
On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street market .
I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
All residents take great care of the environment .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
By hooking them up to the Internet .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking after my children too .
My best friend is called Christoph .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly over the Internet . However , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
People did this without special efforts .
A terrible holiday
Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
The main attraction here is absolutely the beach .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
In fact , studies show that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults are linked to alcohol .
The companionship of our loved ones is always the best solution to release our pressure .
We had never seen such a beautiful eagle as that .
It still has to have the same elements , like roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door and windows .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts by Italian singers and some foreign artists .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
I personally love to go shopping and spend my money on new clothes .
The first thing I want to say is that people use the car like a luxury object , not as a mode of transport .
We have also become more considerate of our animal life .
Disgusting .
Meanwhile , students should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and viewpoints .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
She went to the train station and got a ticket to London .
Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
It leep me in a positive mood .
AIESEC members go through an integrated development experience .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
" ..... " he looked at his hands .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake - up call for educational
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
Not every day do you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
I totally recommend it , you will not be disappointed .
Bond , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue that nitrate is considered a potent vasodilator .
This sport is an individual sport , so you win alone and do n't beat a team , but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centres .
I am forty - nine years old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
I ca n't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ?
Yes - churches .
The other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is less impact on the knees .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the height , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even if sometimes I feel fear .
Now I go to the gym and do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and yoga twice a week !
The city only began to take care of the environment in the last ten years when the studies created technologies aimed at not causing pollution .
Have you ever watched a game that involves people running around a field and scoring goals by kicking a ball ?
I respect him so much and admire him also .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses next time we see each other .
The cinematography is fantastic , with wonder digital landscapes .
Since Michael was a child he had always dreamt of moving to Australia , where he could go kitesurfing all day long , meet open - minded people , chill on a sandy beach and drink good Australian alcohol .
Dear Ms Cumings ,
Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have committed a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
Thank you for your email .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
As a result , we could have more comfortable public transport .
I found your advertisement in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
The price is cheap if you take into account the service and the taste of the food .
You can watch international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past would have been too good to be true .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
I am contacting you because those papers are sensitive to my company .
This option may be used for cargo also ,
The public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
But , will it always be the best choice ?
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
I would like to be considered for work in your cafe during the weekends .
Driving is something not everyone can do .
However , they are becoming more and more popular even among beginners .
The material processes are carried out by agents , which coincide with the subject .
So , if I can end my days having been a little bit like him , the work will be done and I will be able to say I have been a good father , just like him .
We were three years old .
She
As you know , I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
If you play football , you know how to act when in a team .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because people can get rewards from nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
Also , it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travel .
They only wanted to get the free dollar and did n't spend time focussing on the writing .
The main reason to think there is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not all . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
Their setlist was extremely good .
I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than has previously been assumed .
Compared to driving a car , it only costs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single journey .
I am writing to express my concern about the new smoking ban law .
It is a movie that presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
For instance , Melbourn , the second city in Australia , where there are trams through the whole city area .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
Why should I get this job ?
Honestly dear , next time just ask me .
Nowadays , we have hurried lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
To sum up , I hope to see you soon at a game .
I can also have fun with my friends when I play it .
If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications , please let me know .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
Though it will affect the environment in a good way .
Concerning this amazing trip , I only have two questions left starting with the weather , considering your experience with the changes happening at this time of the year , and the second and last , about what type of clothes you recommend , which is of great importance primarily to our female students .
Trees in the parks are not sufficient according to the requirements of our city .
The desserts are delicious and original .
Basketball is a complete sport ; aerobic and anaerobic .
I enjoyed the monetary aspect of this job .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
As we all know , they are an essential part of our life .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
All in all , I 've played many sports in my life , but tennis has been by far the best exercise for both my mind and my body .
I have been playing tennis since 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
Report :
Firstly , the failure to construct more railway lines is one reason .
They collect and segregate the rubbish into separate containers .
My favourite part was listening to a guide introduce us to painting .
For example , books also help us relax .
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands , something close to an emotional statement .
It still gives me great fun in the incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
Please drop me a line as soon as you can .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in these ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
It taught me the meaning of teamwork and leadership .
A lot of toxic exhaust is emitted into the air .
However , even though everybody has their own vehicles , they will have to use public transport because the roads are full of vehicles .
I am going to try to read these books to improve my English , because in the future I intend to take the first certificate .
I 'm a veteran camper
I am happy to hear from you .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity which often makes us feel happy .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays I can work extra time .
Antonio Banderas did an excellent job acting as a desperate leader committed to the local people .
The second day was awful .
I always try to motivate them with some educational play and I make them understand how important the group is .
My elder son is 20 already .
So , we need to try to get an equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
In conclusion , I think that the two relationships are different .
The use of the means humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Arctic Combat " is good too .
About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it will cost so much money to buy the tickets if the family is large .
Was it just him or was she wearing a sexy dress ?
Introduction
The only drawback that comes along with using cars is limited fuel resources .
I was born here .
It jumped around ferociously as if everything was just a game and that is when Alison realised things were now so much better than before ...
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
Long wooden tables , which would be perfectly suitable for a class our size , are placed in the middle of the dining room .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
So far , I have received excellent grades in all subjects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
We will talk about a technology that might soon disrupt the world .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing . She has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you see , she is good at drawing .
Your project is very compelling for me .
This can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
They climb the highest mountains , dive in the depths of the oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments and all for the sake of science .
My country is the best country in the world .
You can eat the best burgers you have ever eaten .
Compared with cars , public transport has a larger capacity , which saves space and costs less .
This house can be characterized as containing large numbers of students who have memorized the holy book of Quran .
Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
Cookery classes
My last argument with my family was yesterday .
A player can win a game , but only a team can win championships " .
In her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumped into her .
Traces of his previous career are evident throughout his work in his careful compositions and precise styling .
I am glad to tell you that I am able to come on February 16th at 10:00am . I would appreciate it if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Maybe he had a mistress .
I think they are our first friends and our first confidants .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is open .
play it with someone , whether just for fun or for a competition , my body feels so hot in thirty minutes .
The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises , which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
Yes , they are right in saying so and , in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
For sure , technology will play the main role in every home .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good for preventing accidents .
My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements :
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we get involved in with the intention of winning .
Furthermore , street children are a result of family troubles .
The young bridegroom is then involved in a brawl and banished from the village .
Oh no ! !
I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
The public transport is slow and has got a lot of people .
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answered him with a big smile " You are excused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
Of course , our couple win a piece of land .
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
The discrepancy between these two places is great .
Hope you come soon .
The best place to run is a nice spot close to the park .
They are quite big and a lot of important artists come .
I felt that these people were crazy .
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was published in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
I enjoyed this very much , because I got the chance to meet a lot of people .
It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsmen .
Niklas Lakatos
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical support to our valued customers .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good proficiency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team .
This way you will have the chance to have a more relaxing journey through the countryside , traffic will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally , you can plan the time you want to arrive , using a GPS or other technology to help you plan your journey .
-Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a second , you will be ready .
He did his best to calm me down .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessary in your life .
I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of the tension , and also because of a girl near me who could n't stop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to admit it ) .
That and the extremely long queues for the cash desk also are not very encouraging .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my studies abroad in .
Next year , in October , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , where I hope to learn English .
If by 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
my first job was as a babysitter .
Well , whatever your choice is , it must be perfect for your daily life !
Can we say these players participated in the game ?
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deciding to start music lessons .
Scout always develops the story .
He did trust the company , but not enough for them to know everything he thought .
Ten year ago , the local governing body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
I find it very painful when my parents do it to me .
zy about playing it .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
We need to book tickets in advance if we are planning to go via public transport , because again , there is the issue of availability of seats .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre . There you can enjoy yourselves and learn something about our city .
Higher power efficiency and linearity cause decreased power consumption , increased lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
One of the most recent outstanding innovations is robotics .
Beaches , islands , culture , and cuisine are the common interests to explore here .
It is n't easy at all , they 're very different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Probably the only opportunity to change this will be to mention to people the opportunity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's on television .
The more excited she was , the more disappointment she had . Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room .
But in the region where I live I had not found one .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
On the one hand , there are some arguments for sport , especially volleyball .
It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
If I could travel back in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to take part in the French revolution .
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
The Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires were ruled from .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in in twenty years .
The men would only do the paperwork themselves .
Boquete , where I did nothing , and Saturday I came back .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
At these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places for young people to have fun in Valencia , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
It 's good for studying English as well as for the plot .
I 'm very excited about your arrival in Santa Cruz next week . I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
I love this new place .
Patriotic emotions explode in an aggressive way .
Juan Orozco
Dear Sir / Madam
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautiful doll dressed in a wedding dress .
I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honoured that you want to spend some time in my country .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
You only live once and wasting such a great possibility is unthinkable .
The very thought of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant crowd disappeared all together and all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be with my family .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a week . Swimming is a good sport , especially in summer .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend on my parents .
Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
Also , I believe that lifeguard could be a good job , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguards .
But you do n't care about it .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting places to visit here .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleeping time averages eight hours or even more .
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so much , I would n't hesitate to answer .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my goal was that it could get accepted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
CEO , Green Pepper cafe
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jumped , she did every little thing she had n't been allowed to do for so long .
If the car is large enough , it can even be a perfect place for sleep .
If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
I do n't have a favorite book .
Drawing lines in the sand , and praying like hell no one crosses them .
So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
I hope you consider me for this job .
Today I want to write about my job .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
My favourite sport
I visit the Spaniards Arms quite often .
Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
I 'm good at improvising games for children , and I 'm a good cook too .
You do n't have to worry that you wo n't arrive on time .
On the other hand , the expansion of a city increases pollution and all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and seeing blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
Dear Johanna ,
When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
For my part , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
You 'll have to take the bull by the horns and get some work done !
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make the right choice ?
First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
Though public transport is cheaper and one could get to know many people , and increase one 's network .
The reasons for this are its low warranty cost and in particular its low running costs .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
It is celebrated in June .
I have a very tiring day when I go and go straight to bed .
He attended the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
Most developed countries developed a public transportation system to lower the impact of a growing population .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spoken language might be up against a lot of criticism , since the United States does not have many supporters everywhere .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
And I just ca n't forget to mention the beautiful scenery and realistic special effects .
Fast trains are always faster than cars .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
They would only do it if they had to .
There was a lack of ambition in him .
Except for some good movies , they also show a lot of rubbish .
The lessons are very funny .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
What are my plans for the future ?
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a poor immune system and being underweight .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
Suddenly , Peter started to run . While he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again , as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
Believe me !
You can go on a road trip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've never heard about on your own skin .
But I can manage it .
I decided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continue their discussions .
You can find more information also on the Internet .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
Even the scenery is not based on a real story . It will make you think about accidents happening around you .
We will meet soon , man .
So they are aware of the need to help the city achieve that .
There are also many historical buildings in my country .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
Paparazzi make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
I look forward to hearing from you .
The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
The couple of thieves made their way to the main building .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
So , I let myself drop into the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion I could ever try .
Best regards ,
" Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingers .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
I always thought that the Internet was amazing , but now I even surf the web to find some solutions to my children 's homework .
Yours faithfully , Laura
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
It 's a very moving book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good for adults .
This prevents me from achieving my goal .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay at your company .
Unfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy increases .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned good habits in my life .
Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywhere on the planet .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than outside it .
But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days for receiving separate rubbish .
As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
I love to design presentations and edit things on the computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and more .
He went to a coffee shop .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
However , I believe that games can not be fundamental ways for sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I think journalists should follow famous people only when they do something related to their profession or the fact that has made them famous .
Today 's television !
Like Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previous lives , although there 's a barely spoken , horrific suggestion that the lives they 've come from might have been even worse than the ones they 're living now .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
When she looked for the second time , she realised that was Amber 's backpack .
I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there is enough space for the spectators .
I grew up in Al Qassim region and I had the best time of my life in Al Qassim .
First of all is convenience .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
I was an exchange student and attended high school there .
The speaker discusses the article , saying that taxes stand against free trade and in favor of protectionism .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
The first step was taken .
In the third part of the questionnaire , it was found that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
If I wanted to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
The building is quite wide and at the front you can see a huge welcome sign .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
Finally , Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
I hope you 're doing well and everything is ok .
The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and do good .
Can a TV programme entertain and educate at the same time ?
In summary , public transport is important for our community and people have to raise their concerns regarding this .
However , I live in Brazil and there is no way out when it comes to soap operas .
On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
This is why , although we have the luxury of extravagant knowledge at out fingertips because of the Internet , we encounter complications and complexities in the decoding of our relationships and in deciphering this perennial flow of knowledge .
And it was established in 1943 . Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine corps .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise , as there was nobody standing .
Essay
I can recall a time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
There is no future for public transport , since everybody prefers to use their own car .
One piece of good news is that I finally gave in and bought my first Smartphone .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
Although this change makes the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
This essay will demonstrate that there is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
There are some boundaries that should n't be crossed .
She has a turbulent and complicated past .
Luckily , the government intervenes to preserve the safety of the Internet .
And finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to a peaceful relationship between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to the European common market set up after World War II .
I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
Anabel
In the supermarket , you can find a container for batteries .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers and not their disappearance from classrooms .
So , do n't worry and bring t - shirts and shorts !
Spyro in Kalithea .
I ca n't wait to get back home and tell you more about the trip .
It is an app that people use to save gas and money .
At that time , he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
He only agrees to take on cases nobody else can solve and most of the time he succeeds .
However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
Although over - shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries have suffered these problems .
It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
On the other hand , I was sad to leave that job .
That day , we had a great time and it was sunny and hot . I took a lot of photos and I learned new information about those important buildings .
For these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
The portrait depicts a woman 's head and shoulders , with a distant landscape that is visible in the backdrop .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than travelling by car .
I promise you that it will be this way .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
My mother knew how I felt and she wanted to help me .
Love ,
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have a wife and a little child .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
Tris ' smile became bigger .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
One also learns to work hard and be disciplined in order to achieve success .
It is a story about a little lion and his life .
Then TV viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab blankets tight !
Is car driving really safe ?
So it would be very good if you brought a warm coat and an umbrella .
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 pm .
To ,
In fact , it was a box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
Hope you liked my idea and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Because there is this wicked , unwritten rule , according to which , if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance you will get it .
Last but not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team leader by the end of this course .
Give it a try and you 'll see !
Working for them was a real pleasure .
Or for those who do n't have Swedish culture .
In the competitive world that we inhabit , mastering a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given field is essential for both academic and professional success .
Car companies try to spread electric cars , but it seems to take a long time .
I hope that the number of players will increase and increase every day .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it into three different groups - paper , glass and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
I am very enthusiastic about working with children and would welcome the chance to make new friends .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own needs .
Anyway , they must visit our main square , which has many historical buildings .
Then you must visit Venice , the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
This meant some fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution on our planet .
Is this true ? I agree with this statement .
But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
I go swimming at a public pool .
It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
they use good quality English which avoids slang .
Computers can help you with your homework by finding the information you need .
Even though the price is $ 5 less for the comedy club , it is without food and , by the end of the night , I do not think there would be much difference .
Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
I would like to thank you for helping me .
If we do n't start to confront this problem , we will hurt this planet we live on .
She was on the cold ground , lying like a dead body . Her son sat by her side , trying to wake her up .
Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
The second step is to identify what could be causing the sleep disorder .
My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like .
In addition , at this age , people normally have more responsibilities , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
The great expansion of knowledge makes people more educated than before .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicapped or physical disability , time capture that helps people to know the fixed time when the bus will come , as well as security support that helps people to be more confident to travel .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
We studied hard together to prepare for the university exam , shared our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
Some parents would gasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
Most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
I have many choices for lunch , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to work wherever I can .
As a nature of human , we will make mistakes .
Surprisingly , the current study has found significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure post exercise .
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raised images should be on the bank notes .
Hi Paul !
Then , if you want , we could go to the restaurant in the city .
My favourite team sport is football .
On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to offer a wide range of services and timetables .
I believe it is suitable for our class
Here are some tips to help you make a positive first impression .
What I liked most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
You can imagine how great the idea of leaving your own car and taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
First of all , cooking has been my passion for ages .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
Also , you are a great athlete , so you could teach surfing , football or other sports .
3 ) Meryy refused to borrow money .
It is a really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
- see someone or some people standing beside or riding on them .
Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
Fifteen minutes later it was all over and I felt like a brand new person .
Despite everything , they could take part in the competition .
One day , Michael was going to school for his final examination .
I am 24 years old and I live in Rena .
Also , I have good social skills and can speak two languages ; English and Spanish .
I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
Do you remember it ?
He walked briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from the KA system .
In December 2010 , Fikri was arrested by the police .
One should also bear in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to material or financial issues .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Finally , football is , like all sports , very good for your health .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre , which takes 5 minutes to walk to as the crow flies .
Megastars can run into bushy problems .
Conclusions
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was volunteer work - closing the door after people that came out of the concert hall .
In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match .
Most people think that choosing a grammar school is the best option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes are put in a corner .
One year later a commemoration of his passing was celebrated .
How can I explain to them ?
Because of that , I think that I could join your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother tongue .
The movie is already a success , opening at the box office with a $ 36 million endorsement .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
Instead of creating some online lessons for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some new printable materials to hand out in class .
Lora noticed his coldness .
With my relevant coursework , lab experience , committed and adaptable attitude , I am confident of excelling in this position . I would welcome the opportunity to join your team and put my skills to work for your laboratory .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
First , I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
The worst thing is that people do n't know how to talk to each other , how to make conversation with new people or even with old friends .
For instance , travelling with children is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
Suddenly , a powerful wind made the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
I enjoy football because it is a way to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concentrate on the game .
It is my aspiration to devote my time to the study of English and education .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
Yesterdays ' petrified men will become confident .
I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
Firstly , they were given 5 books about different subjects .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfires .
I believe they are genetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
It has a professional rehearsal studio that local music groups can just rent for pocket money , they can also rent instruments by paying a small refundable deposit .
Hi Jan ,
I love Ton Duc Thang university so much .
How are you ?
It is amazing for you , if you have enough money , to pay for that tour .
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of the green revolution and our carbon footprint has an effect on everyday decision making .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
I wish I could
As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to rock climb .
Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
But I never thought that it could be that serious .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
I liked that time a lot .
Let me know please .
Furthermore , you have the chance to take a nap , do some work or watch TV while you are being transported .
Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , which is very important for me right now , since I just moved in .
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
We have already heard about how pollution is killing our planet earth , gradually .
They like to exchange opinions about new stars .
I found an ad for this job on the Internet .
For one , younger workers bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lady Gaga in New York or hang out with her and Justin Timberlake .
About the task that you asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of LIMS yet .
Banning cars from the centre of the city solves all these problems .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
What do you think of my plan ?
Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time . He offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house , where they spent the night together .
In a town you can do everything fun .
I went to the kitchen and sat on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
I am very energetic , cheerful and hardworking , which are the traits you are looking for !
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
Minuses :
There is no future for public transport .
Seraina Fennstermacher
As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fish and chips decreased over the period while the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during the same period .
Thank you very much .
I believe he is tender and caring , but impatient and clumsy at the same time .
Another point from the article that the professor opposes is the claim that telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would cause for businesses .
I would prefer to eat lighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
The Big Mistake
This restaurant is very big , so we would n't have a problem .
Sport is an important part of my life .
On the other hand , I have just finished my first year of a Physical Education degree , where we played a lot of different sports .
Laura is the new girl in town .
Due to an unsuccessful operation he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to , so he gets addicted again .
Nine crew members were also on board .
It looked afraid and nervous .
1 .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
On the other hand , looking at installation art , it is harder to have a clear emotion at first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
Secondly , football generates money .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
I would like to have this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
The first 30 years all was going well , but suddenly something bad happened .
It went on ringing and , with great fear , I clicked on the green button .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your customers .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Besides , I was not sure whether I should pick it up .
For all the different reasons described above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
When I am in a bad mood , I go jogging outside and hear the birds singing .
We usually eat home - made food .
In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose . In the second quarter , sales went up , but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
These are a combination of buses and your own car .
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
To begin with , we have to try to use the car or the bus as little as possible and try to get to any place on foot or by bicycle .
The professor , however , disagrees with points made in the article and explains that this system has its own disadvantages .
Fortunately , this unavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
Bob
Obviously , everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points out of 100 at both KET and PET .
Everything seems to strange when you are fifteen and you are talking about love .
It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , even though it 's temporary , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rather than being constantly stressed .
I fear that such a huge move would damage businesses and many workers would lose their jobs .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
He was absent - minded all the time , he did not listen to her and when she asked him a question , he just shrugged his shoulders or wrinkled his nose .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Unless ...
One of the major arguments in the article is the comparison between Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal rock music .
An Unforgettable Lesson
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that I will never forget .
There is an office with so many things that he had there .
Then , when she did n't return home , her parents reported the disappearance of their daughter .
It was so nice to hear from you again !
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
Mom makes the special foods for festivals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
foreign people .
Here there are lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay there forever .
" Sense8 " is a new kind of television series that has grasped the attention of millions of viewers from the first episode .
In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing and office management .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who , time and again , circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( the Illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
Not knowing what the intelligent thing to do would be , the first thing that came to his mind was calling the police .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
When I walked out the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation . It 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
On the other hand , there are programmes which bring nothing new into our lives .
Another thing that helped me a lot was doing sports regularly near home .
I enjoy visiting museums and travelling in my free time .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be fewer and fewer people willing to take public transport .
To sum up , I would highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the lives of eight very different characters , their surroundings , religions , and traditions .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
Last night I had the opportunity to attend a marvelous play based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , and have friends from different backgrounds .
Yours sincerely ,
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
Usually , in these types of songs , the performers describe actions in the relationships as well as at the end of it .
In conclusion , fame may be nice , but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
As a result , some people can make misinterpretations .
This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
Why do I recommend it ?
It is an big city and there are a lot of attractions .
It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
They want to skip this day and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's closely related to actual problems , such as problems with the environment .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , for the following reasons .
if i have the job write soon
Therefore , what we need to consider is whether our personality and personal skills are born or made .
Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages , like Spanish or Chinese , could certainly be used as well .
A few minutes later , they were together in a bar .
One day in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wang 's stepmother got sick suddenly .
This statement fails to consider the main function of education , which is not training superstars or perfect robots but teaching students how to face and solve the problems they are confronted with instead of running away .
There , you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilities of the club .
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them from kindergarten age .
These are the most important skills when you deal with children , due to the fact that you need to keep on the lookout for their behaviour .
The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any problems .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their way to stand united in such a way that joint endeavours can be effective globally .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Everything depends on the number of people .
While in a private vehicle , you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
All dishes are served with careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
But this is an anachronism .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
Many people get to their work late .
In addition , it is more economical than owning a car .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
It even helps reduce your belly !
The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter when they were unchanged .
In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
Bydgoszcz is my hometown and the destination of this journey .
Flamengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great team with good players , but now it is struggling to finish the competition in the first 4 teams of the championship .
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party , but nobody knew what had happened .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
Why do I like swimming ?
In contrast , agentic culture stresses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
Then we can sell them and get income from it .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
Fashion
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
Let 's talk about one of them , which is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading garbage near our houses and offices .
There was not a chance to befriend them , I thought .
Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and amaze everyone who reads my sublime project .
I love children . I have already worked with them . It was a wonderful experience .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect the education system .
I highly recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they will enjoy it very much .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
When I first lived here , I used to call my family and complain about life here .
Again , thank you for your consideration .
The bottom line is ; a fast - paced game is a much more exciting experience for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise !
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
The price of the food is very cheap , taking into account the quality .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhaust fumes .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
Alison read the note and it said " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
Nobody needs to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts are both considered crucial for students ' education .
I tried to understand which toys children liked most of all .
All these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that they will prove me to be an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
But then , every once in a while , one can also hear stories of brothers fighting over the inheritance , or a parent not speaking to their child for making a wrong life decision .
And if you want to go to the best museum of art in Argentina , you should go to Malba .
I live in a small village in countryside with only a few people .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
At the weekends , I carried out a workshop on leisure activities for children in need .
The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as people 's minds .
Write back soon ,
The plot revolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother and chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , closed - minded French village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
They often notify all the town 's citizens about spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on the beach and on the roads of the town .
This happens when some natural disasters happen .
Garbage trucks pick them up twice a week .
The past has already happened , we can not change it .
Do you like adventure sports ?
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
And you know how much I love your music .
I was also in charge of providing safe and entertaining activities .
Dear Daniel ,
I fell asleep immediately .
The course took place at the Training center in Regent Street , London , on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
I attach a full CV and if you require more information , I would be very happy to provide it .
Faithfully yours .
Therefore , I prefer a boat for travelling , instead of a train or a plane .
You need to discover who is your best friend . As you go through life , you will learn who is who .
The actors are literally amazing .
These days , public transport shows no future .
This makes me wonder whether there is a future for the old public transport system or whether we should create a new system .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
Department of Economics
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve them .
It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .
Open your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll find different one about you !
In a flash , his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we can never predict how far it could go .
At first , this transport was greatly appreciated .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
It was amazing .
After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
All these changes make the learning process much more fun , creative and practical for the students .
This is what counts the most .
I am writing to apply for a job on a summer camp .
My husband and I play in two clubs .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors to Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
With time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
But , is it really necessary ?
In my spare time , I like to play hockey and be with friends .
For me , jogging is very stressless .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy . We can consider it an economical method .
First of all , I would like to tell you about the atmosphere of the film .
She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
What is more , we only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching for .
the great variety of rice and noodles deserves to be mentioned - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
All the audience began to laugh .
After a month , I did n't know when I would receive my telephone .
Television plays an essential part in our life ; we turn it on nearly every day , since it can make life more interesting .
We keep in regular contact , we go out to dinner or have a coffee frequently .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . You should start this sport because you will feel good .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
When I was taking a walk through the neighbourhood , I saw this poster about the musical Wicked and they were looking for someone to play the lead .
Hi Paul ,
Why to see that abaser thing ?
I fully intend to go the next time I have the chance and try the Hokkaido Natto .
It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my future career .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
He was also famed for his speed and strength on the ball .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go walking with my friends in the afternoon .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
40% of the girls read books for several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
Why is my favorite sport badminton ?
Regards ,
For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
Ken was a big guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
I received your letter yesterday .
I am very disappointed with both the equipment and the service I have received .
After the first trials , however , improvements are soon noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
Besides , I really need the money for my family .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
In the town hall , they care about the city center .
And what if the car you 're driving breaks down ?
In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
In this film there are two older men who have lost their jobs .
The members of my family are my best friends
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enriching my CV through participation in this project .
We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating and drinking and stopping for food or toilet needs anytime , anywhere .
See you soon .
Yours ,
I would appreciate it if you could send me the necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
In a short time , I became so good , and some of my friends changed from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
It was n't a problem .
She got into her car and looked for her husband all over their small city , Pentonville . After half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
I am 30 .
The next day , the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a small State located in South America .
Even today , processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
It is not only convenient , but also time - saving .
When you drive through the neighborhoods you notice that families are all gathered in some kind of celebration .
Dear Paul ,
But not any more .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching discussions and speeches by outstanding leaders .
School , a place with diverse students along with diverse attitudes towards life , might be better than merely learning with parents .
The normal response to this conclusion is , like I and many people who gave up learning a language simply because fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
He was famous and respected in the slave camp .
The party was held in a large garden near the bridegroom 's parents ' house .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of their managers .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
We will never stop loving our grandparents !
I am willing to pay for postal charges .
The art of making a good impression .
He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tiny fragment of a rainbow .
I found this advertisement in the newspaper and I would like to state the reasons why I think I am suitable for the job advertised .
I am writing to tell you that I met my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
While public ones must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
I think everyone should do one sport . We can feel better after that and that is very good for our health .
Just as my enthusiasm for ballet thrived , my grades in school kept falling .
Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube , you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
To whom it may concern .
And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
They want better for you , and they will always be by your side .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
In spite of the number of cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
Teleplays are not just for fun ; they can have a deep meaning . A short story tells big , just like a useful book .
' Excuse me ? '
I also went to the mountains with my family .
I am available at any time as the summer holidays are upon us .
On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usual when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
That experience taught me how important it is to do whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in life .
I 'm very glad I can finally do something for you after everything you 've done for me .
All the best
They all said it kind of did affect . them However , they also bought clothes they liked .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be a sport and skat is n't .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
They were very excited and could n't wait to go there .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend how different our lives would be .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to treat children if they get injured .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
Last year , I did some graphic design for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
Can you send me an offer ?
Why ?
They had been writing for two years on the internet .
Then with TVs , information started to spread faster and faster until our contemporary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands .
Since his discharge from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
Each weightlifter gets three attempts at each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
There are also many disadvantages to television .
In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
As a result , they put their children into some job so that they can earn money for the family .
Dear reader ;
Take care and call me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much more . I have loads of unbelievable stories !
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Here are some tips about the Egyptian people .
She said to her friends : ' This is the best party ever !
He was going to be alone for the next 90 years .
The review :
Michael is an American guy , living and studying in the Netherlands at Leiden University .
Maybe I should bring her something from here ?
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " . Each leaflet explains how to separate the household rubbish .
The leader of the business must also have a way of handling active and innovative work to save time and money .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse to attend some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
My students conducted in - depth studies on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) for their final papers .
Three years later , after intense work , Michael started to put his feet on the podium again .
However , they are not my friends .
I am prepared to look after children .
This might cause town planners to think there are not enough reasons to keep them .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumption of energy , water and other resources .
Rafa
It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination when we are using public transport .
First I would like to thank you for your interest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of your arrival .
The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
The picture illustrate the process of making notes .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Why use first person narration ?
In 2000 , he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
I very much hope you will take my application into consideration and I look forward to hearing from you .
5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
I am from Spain , so my native language is Spanish .
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
There have been several serious natural or man - made disasters this year .
I went to the address and when I got there it appeared to be an abandoned house .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , causing mystery and making us think about what he means .
How are you ? I just want to say hello .
As Michael approached the house his feelings dropped down .
There must have been a naughty child ' , I thought , without worrying .
I look for the perfect offer , but in summer it is impossible to find it .
After school , I keep running on a track to be an athlete in a school sports team .
She has to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
Michael was very anxious and he did n't know what to do anymore .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't any Italians , because during that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
What is cultural literacy ?
That makes them happy and additionally makes loud .
This makes it easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
Sincerely ,
Dear group leader ,
As time passed , I became more skilled at football .
I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally , I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
How are you ?
People who drop litter on the streets are one of the biggest problems .
What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing that you really want .
The script separates this film from the others .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and have some private time .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
These reasons are why I think traveling by train is best .
, but it also means improving your skills , your talents .
BAD POINTS
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with a lot of space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paintings to look at .
You do n't know how embarrassed I feel now , not only because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Do you know a new recipe for cooking chicken ?
For this , they must lead a healthy life .
Looking forward to being a part of the team .
This report aims to present different advertising strategies for our products according to the type of customers we have .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have formed to plant more trees .
My favourite sport is football .
Also , everyone enjoys Italian food , so everyone would be pleased .
The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
.
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about ourselves that we did n't know .
In my town we protect the environment around us :
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
It should be , because it helped you to be what you are today !
No one likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
As soon as the lights went out , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I felt the tension rise .
Are you married ?
I love you
Finally , TU - Clausthal is located in beautiful countryside .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
She swiftly came to my bed and gave me a letter .
He could fly around .
And they have to act to protect it .
For instance , there are numerous programs that we can choose .
It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
The choice of the telecommunications industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because , for example , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
My mother had written to me after months !
They might not be the best , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such a situation can they provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
Also , for some people , it could be cheaper to travel by bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs continuous practice to master the game and be the king of the field .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
It 's much faster and much more convenient than using public transportation .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
That is an eight - episode film .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in cities .
If there was a machine that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
Save yourself
Warm regards
My favourite sport
Thus , pushing themselves leads to success .
Trams are available 24 hours and tram stops are evenly distributed ; it takes no more than 8 minutes to walk from one stop to the next one .
Kitchens will be different too .
There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroine of one of the enormous heroic stories .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
The Phone Bank might have quite a good offer for you .
Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
Next , we will have a soccer competition .
He had n't recovered yet from the last scare he had that day .
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , sunbathing on the beach , things like that .
At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
You could come here when you have time because my house is your house .
I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Supervising courses .
My town is called Assuit . The People here have no knowledge of how to deal with their rubbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we haven't any kind of law that can limit that action . I mean rubbish throwing .
I prepare class every day .
I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just about to do it .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
Monica Conti
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
We see what they really are ; the underdeveloped countries that they are .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
Lo
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
Thank you !
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleanest and most attractive receive an award .
I think this because the new technologies are created by people to improve our habits .
I am a local from Taipei .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , the success it has achieved in the most varied environments is understandable .
For example , Pretty Little Liars and Modern Family .
Someone rang the doorbell and he opened but there was nobody at the door , so he closed the door again .
It 's April now , and spring is finally here .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the fuel will be electricity .
In my life there are so many sports I like but there is one in particular that I love so much .
First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
A mother who works , can come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
Visually , the colors on the screen were black and green .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
A private vehicle offers more privacy than public transport .
As a result , one team only finished half of the sentences .
Today I had a 2-hour driving lesson .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks , which also shows another contrast between the humans and the fairies .
In conclusion , I think there will be no obstacles and objections to hosting this sports competition in my town , which , on the other hand , is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
They stop in a dressmaker 's market .
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
In addition , it produced collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in books to all social classes .
Students always love the activities I design for them .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a long time .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions than before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
They were doing rites of pilgrimage .
It gives information about their tastes in music , TV programmes and clothes .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with force .
Many of them have got family members who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because the costs are quite expensive .
The American press had widely covered the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which had been spread across the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
I think that I should have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me because of something I have done in the way my best friends could do .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
The day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
Hi Jo ,
The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
This is the main reason why our environment is being destroyed .
I was just about to go to bed when I suddenly heard the phone and I got scared because I was alone at home , and I thought that it could be serious news .
I thought if both of us got the chance , then it would be very good .
1 . Everyone spends a lot of time travelling .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have a future .
Clothes at lower prices
One day , he took part in a competition intended for the selection of the head of the post office where he was still working .
Another team used the words to make sentences that were unrelated to the story .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
I am looking forward to it like a small kid ! :)
Apart from that , it has been good practice for speaking .
This fact leads the teachers to be unsure of what they are doing .
Dear husband ,
However , these three are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't care about keeping personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the beach ) clean .
So if you want to visit any country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save time and wish for a happy journey .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
23rd . Mar. 2015
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save a lot of time .
So I have experience of service , costumer care and working long hours .
Personally , I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
Unfortunately , organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
The day after , I was thinking deeply and just realized that I was wrong and should not hurt him because I was angry .
It 's best served when chilled , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving into it .
1 . )
This text leads us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
The television advertisement shows the service being used .
Men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
This means we will lose a part of our national history .
How could the course be improved ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
Because all people have got predicaments .
Firstly , I would like to mention public transport types .
Something to remember is that people allow each other their own national habits , up to a certain point .
Kate and Juan
It was too much for him .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
It is a very big city .
I study philology .
This awful fog is composed of our uncontrolled emotions .
When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It was wonderful and we stayed at a hotel so close to the beach I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint for several reasons .
This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Cambridge 's exams .
It is safer , cheaper and faster .
We all agree on that . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's like the world stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
It has challenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the learning style back in my country .
They are amazing !
In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
A better future means having good food to eat without worrying , good clothes to wear , a big property , a private means of transportation and many more .
There are a lot of things to visit here .
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
Finally , regarding clothes , young people declared themselves to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
This way , you not only gather plain data but also emotions from people .
Overview . It is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
I enjoy watching soap operas on TV and the best one for me is EastEnders .
A story
Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to float and advance in the water .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economical .
I hope you 're great !
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will take a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
I think that I got this from my dad and my elder brother .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
I am in Kyoto eating Yatsuhashi .
What have you been doing since you moved from here ?
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
Moreover , when I am running , I can think through a lot of things about myself or how to solve some of the problems of daily life .
When you get here , send me a text .
Cortisone injections are also helpful . These injections can improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffness and pain .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English and you have an idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for native speakers of English .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust advertisements .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Firstly , we ought to consider that friendship is not uniquely a human emotion .
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
But we have concrete examples , which we should follow and which already demonstrate that nothing is impossible
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and he also falls in love with her .
In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
On Wednesday I went to try horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies into a round shape .
Dear Sir ,
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of having a strong body try this marathon .
He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
In addition , it provides an opportunity for people from different backgrounds to peep into the culture and traditions of British people .
They can barely breath with all those photographers around them .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motor sports and even mountaineering have risks that are real .
Secondly , adults can offer advice to youngsters .
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
I worked at the local cinema where Fred was also working .
I 'm sure you will agree that it could be one of your best experiences if you pay attention to your instructor all the time .
In comparison with the Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have some dissimilarities in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
' I think we 're being followed ' said Sara to me , as we pulled over .
I like this sport because it is a simple healthy sport that respects my body .
Meanwhile , Mark and Michael were talking with Russian ladies . They were beautiful and flawless . The scientists started talking about science and that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vanished . The men started shouting .
1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too ; it can go right to your own garage .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a job but I have n't found a job
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
That evening was so delightful !
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
A mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
In summary , public transport is dying .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
I love football the most , as most men would .
Firstly , both those courses need to do a mass of practices , even though the methods are different .
Secondly , we have an amazing script that can be considered unique .
Therefore , my knowledge of mechanical design is rather limited .
But this is not the end of our trip . We went on a voyage on a Royal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he considered travelling to Italy and picking up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
In offices , the computer is everywhere .
First of all , celebrities are usually wealthy , so they have an easier life than other people .
I love teaching because I love to learn and love to share my knowledge with others .
Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
I love my grandma .
The chairs were placed in a U shape , which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
We can avoid repeating the same mistake again and again .
A lot of people think it is a waste of time , but that is not true .
" What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
How are you ? I 'm fine .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
but when she ca n't go , I go alone .
To figure out the factors , an uncanny theory is used .
Can you believe it ?
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for a job in the USA Summer Camps .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
Earth is our home , we all have to protect it .
Furthermore , foreign TV programs are more international and educational .
Most people prefer large colleges to small colleges for their many advantages .
introduction :
The shops close at between six and eight o'clock in the evening .
I hope that I get the chance to complete my studies at your university and to gain practical experience in one of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
I also have been helping a nine - year - old kid with his math homework .
Nowadays , we are in the same situation .
The only way was to show and prove to everyone that he was the best .
The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
I promise that if I go to the camps , we will have a good time and we will laugh a lot .
First of all , family and friends whom we love always offer their support to comfort us .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
Just to save time ?
I hope it will be fun there , and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me feel that I must go while I can . I ca n't wait till the day comes .
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way to travel .
John
I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .
Then the two started to date .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
The Czech Republic is rich with history .
My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
We may become friends in seconds .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
·Recommendation
Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at the age of 6 .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
Anyway , if you want to know my level , I can tell you I 've finished level B1 .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
This is a testable claim and Trivago can use it as its unique selling proposition .
A bus or an underground train can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
Our congregation has run educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
So I have had a lot of problems :
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garments on , asking for advice , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find a way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
My family have a company , and if you want , you could work with them .
And I can clearly say that they are our friends . We are part of them and they are part of us .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
There I learned how to work with young children .
I am an energetic , creative and reliable person .
I was sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
It makes me feel content that I am contributing to society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Sorry for my late answer .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
In Extremadura , you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe National Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
With any new course , there are certain expectations one will have .
You find yourself walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
He loves surfing the net .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both national and international programmes .
If you come here in February , you will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
In conclusion , the Miracle Resort is a very beautiful and appealing place to go .
Children learn a lot of things through cartoons , it can help them to improve their speaking and to learn new vocabulary .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
It 's one of the most beautiful castles , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this country is known for , and that is Dracula .
They listen to you , discuss your problems .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class to stand in front of the class and speak English .
Is it the poor , homeless children in your country or the starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organization ?
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
When I am running , I feel relaxed .
In conclusion , cocaine is the most dangerous addiction , because you die prematurely and your body is destroyed by the cocaine .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
This film will keep everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond Paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Cars replaced the horse , and even planes have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
So it 's very important to give them a healthy upbringing .
Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel under the weather .
This week , I went to the country . It was great fun because we went to the cinema and we ate in a lot of different restaurants .
Dear Mr Smith ,
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because anything could happen .
In some cases , you could have an accident , but that 's not likely .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
Riding a horse gives me a sense of freedom .
But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these types of energies .
I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
In the first place , she never left him .
The year off gives them opportunities to get a job .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars , especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
I have to present this project next Monday .
Jazmin .
I do n't need your friendship you bastard !
Adrián .
It is also known that extreme sports help to build character and form a strong personality .
And although she knows I hate the way she calls me , she does n't stop doing it .
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
In Japan , there are many rules that are imposed in the Sento .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
So , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
I was amazed by the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees ' whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
In Nepal , students study individually and do not ask questions of the tutor even if they are confused .
Brazilian people are known for their creativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
If public transport services stop , people who are not able to drive will be affected a lot .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
A life being unseen to human eyes .
As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he ran up to his mother 's office .
As vocal patterns are considered so important for Brazilians , personal space is another unwritten rule that it is easy to see people using on the streets daily .
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time , rather than in the lesson plan itself .
I believe that we haven't ever thanked her for what she did and does for us .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
Three Roman emperors built the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
When the ' mechanicals ' , or workers , change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
My mom and my dad are good people .
Have a good work
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost everything .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
Learning to do juggling would also be beneficial .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) .
special area .
You 've been suspiciously quiet about that recently .
After the show , I was introduced to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
See you around
I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
Yours , Geédes .
It is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
Personally I do not completely agree with this way of thinking .
In the evenings , singing , dancing and torchlight walks are a good alternative to watching TV .
It is said that , instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . In my opinion ,
Peter got up and told the police what really happened . Louis tried to apologise , but it was too late .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
The main centre can be reached very easily .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
Asking him was useless .
Twenty years ago the economic situation was better than the current situation , so people did n't have to work until late and they managed to provide a strict education and to care about their children 's health .
Dear Sir ,
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
The objective of the game is to score by maneuvering the ball into the opposing goal .
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
But we could also try the climbing , but it would be better if we could climb outside , in the countryside .
When the people travel by car it is for work , holidays or for other reasons .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
I used to live in assistent house . It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved to an apartment with two friends .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seek other routes .
The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
Secondly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the areas of farmland are also decreasing .
I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with new coming 's .
It has a lot of historical places .
The punctuality of trains needs to be greatly improved , too .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route you are going to use .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they prize what they earn .
She knows him .
So , parents can be the best teachers in view of their emotional closeness to their children .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
I definitely think that public transport will continue to be very important in the future .
By this time , she had been spending almost all her free time at the computer .
Now I am so independent and I have learned how to live alone .
Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
I have attached a copy of my CV and some cover letters .
I just want to express what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away and seeing your closest person has departed is the most painful feeling ever .
I really love my mother and father .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
and paid the money for her brother 's surgery .
Nevertheless , a study by The New England Journal of Medicine claims that only diastolic blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , since they did not find in their study a significant change to systolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
It must be the aftereffect of whatever those clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especially those whispered shouts coming from behind .
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's position .
Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , making his way through the other cars and trucks .
Another good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journalists .
Once , I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and , surprisingly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely came as a surprise to me !
My school friends and I went to the Dominican Republic . It 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
Nothing more ...
Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
She loved watching the printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
The oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
I 'd better stop now and get ready for your visit .
We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
2nd January 2017
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .
It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
However , it is possible that along with new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
Goodbye . Anna .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others .
After ten minutes , I asked the teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
The American press , summing up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of Soviet society .
How are you ? I am fine .
I had the opportunity to be a student of and work as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the same field .
I believe that it would be a good idea to reduce the cost of some activities .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I always try so hard not to go to new restaurants because I do n't like most of them at first .
In contrast , his wife respected and loved his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
I am twenty - five years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable systems have no access to these .
But it 's so simple .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
But do n't they deserve to have a private life ?
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
It 's true driving a car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait for a bus .
Then , once we got on the car , I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Most people use public transport to go to their workplace and travel around the city .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
People just take turns talking without putting in any purpose or feelings .
There are some aspects and actions that everyone who lives in Brazil needs to follow , and those directly reflect the values of Brazilian culture .
to : Miss Analia
I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
Michael could n't believe what he had just heard .
Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
I remember that I had a play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
My advice for people who would like to start doing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it does n't matter if you are seven or seventy , if you want to do it you can .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like courts or government .
I think learning and trying different kinds of things can change my school life to make it more colorful .
We told them that they had to leave our house immediately .
When I try to create in dreams the home of the future , the first thing which I have in mind is new technology . In my opinion , homes in the future have to be different . This is connected with our society and development .
Do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later " , Henry said .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary things to build a happy life .
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .
The problem is choosing who to donate to .
It is very hard to lead a normal life when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and , above all , what you do .
I played in the street and walked to school alone .
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes , even the best players in the world .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for public transport .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and cultures .
Any decision changes the future .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere , anytime , by anyone .
You should also reduce fast food , which makes people obese and is not healthy .
You know I 'm always here to support you and your decisions .
When I 'm walking , it can refresh me all the time and makes me feel good .
What happens ?
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to the church .
Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
On Britain 's roads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
A few days ago , Tom saw in the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
Venice is a city that is based on water .
I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have close cousins .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
I noticed that the first malfunction was the safety lock , which demanded applying great force .
However , public transport is not threatened by the car .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to exact revenge , who will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
Their aggressors make them become insecure and they think that they are alone .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
You can also find many shops with branded , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
People have only one life , not more ! "
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
In the growing " sharing " economy , online communities are offering peer to peer for almost anything .
She asked him to go .
The government should give superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
The Nazis could be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
Please find my CV and reference letters attached .
People hold different views about the causes of crime .
Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
Owning a pet is popular today even if your home is in a big city .
For more information about my qualifications please see the attachment .
In my spare time , I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I like going to the cinema , going out with my friends ,
If you want to have fun , you can go to Parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rollercoasters .
In addition to that , a law has been enforced to plant a tree in front of each building .
These are , for example , carbon dioxide and methane .
The late actor , Louis de Funès , is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
but what is the common reply ?
As they were looking for it in the garden , they saw the console was near a tree .
Then she handed me a box and walked away .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with a very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
Your friend Pogan
But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
It was the worst night we had ever had .
Science nowadays has developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , like storing stem cells and using them to treat future health problems anyone can have .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
There are a lot of studies that prove this .
The Wheel .
Dear Sir or Madam
Suddenly I felt a warm hand touch my shoulder and very slowly turned , but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife .
Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tennis shoes and a fairly good racket .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
Regarding the students ' preferences , they all love the outdoors , like parks and rivers , and they also love a good museum because of their thirst for knowledge .
Of course , you can look up to celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses ; sometimes buses are faster .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and in - depth understanding of front desk operations .
Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles .
Every Monday we meet in the sports hall in Mandach .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
My sister should definitely close her windows . I am going out of this house . I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
I can speak several languages , like Spanish , English and Russian .
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
Recycling is the solution
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things on our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
When the day came , we performed an amazing choreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
Girls usually follow the fashion bloggers and the fashion magazines .
At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have a problem with parking your car .
In my own case , I work as a co - cook in a diner .
I am an excellent cook .
Today is a very important day for his future .
High - school football is more than just a sport .
Another point is that clothes was more valuable than now .
In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about the past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
Do you prefer watching films at home or going to the cinema ?
As you asked for my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
Is Physical Education necessary in schools ?
Particularities of the exchange
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
Public transport is generally the transport system provided by the government for the general populace .
Funding for the English Language Club
Transportation is one of the most essential parts of our day to day life ; whether it is public or private , transport takes the same priority in each person 's life from the very early days .
Yours faithfully ,
Technology allows us to do and learn in one lifetime more things than our ancestors were able to in several generations .
I just looked at her with asking eyes .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
That was such a good idea !
Online Learning
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are seeking to fill .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light on the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and its darkest consequences .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and , after that , you will be prepared to play football .
He saw some street performer on the street .
My grammar and writing are good , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is awful .
1 .
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Everyone has their own favourite sport .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
Hans Feurer was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
I did not imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
The second section is printing .
You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of their time .
According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) most of them play basketball to forget homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
Badminton for every age
I am writing in order to apply for the position of volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
This may be due to people not being aware of the consequences of this bad habit - spreading the rubbish .
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a good way , help his parents with daily activities .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating these and this is where you can find some of the best .
And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to get by with your basic necessities in another country .
The film is about a girl . She is invited to many weddings and she is a maid of honor at all of them .
One of them , the most famous and the most used , is Facebook .
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
This is my older brother 's story .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
Another important activity is swimming .
I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .
That was the first time my work was assessed on the way I wrote in English .
The meat is not salty as
In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
Our team won this match .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
I did n't have any news about you .
You have to carry on .
Jane .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
Karate is not a difficult sport .
Therefore , it happens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effect it .
Nowadays , our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation .
- I thought that it was your normal condition .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
But if you research about what he has done for AC / DC , you realize that he was an important man .
Secondly , many people argue that society has experienced great changes in family life .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degraded .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in relation to two different aspects .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Eleonora .
I think he will be excited when I tell him the news .
In conclusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
Bullying can cause loneliness , depression , anxiety , and lead to low self - esteem and illnesses .
My students have a lot of weaknesses in many aspects of life , but seeing them enduring motivated me even more to give them good reasons to keep on keeping on .
Silesian culture offers a lot , so I think you will have fun visiting The Park of Tradition .
It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
Kind regards ,
We will discover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it is n't very famous , because in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis .
This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effort .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the heat of summer .
I 've had lots of things on my mind recently , especially after my mom died .
In fact , she will also participate in the exam .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
I am writing with regard to finding accounting services for my company .
Japan launched a counterattack and enslaved the United States , and then proceeded to conquer the world .
The Miracle is an extraordinarily large resort .
Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
In the holidays you can go for a walk with a cat .
I miss sharing things with you .
The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are racists .
All the best
Are you OK ?
I know it 's short notice but hope you guys will support me .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
It was a pleasant journey that lasted only two hours .
This way , we made the most of it and never gave up improving our English level .
What I like most about all the different aspects of riding horses is jumping .
The US always targets dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up one of its competitors .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
See you soon ,
This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
I was dressed in a nice suit to go to this party .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Toni
If you travelled by bus or train , you would probably spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
For the factories , because the Chinese demographic dividends are not like before anymore , low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
I ask myself every day how can I survive in this mad world ?
Moreover , Germany is one of the biggest industrial countries in the world and it has many huge factories .
1 . The author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , because they are associated with happiness .
So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educational process .
In India , it rains from June to September .
But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and having a great time with them .
Say hello to your partner and to your family .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities being convenient for everyone .
Well here are some advice and ideas that have worked for me .
Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to get a good position or be promoted , flatter .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
Yes !
Our members are interested in world issues , leadership and management .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
" Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
People should not complain about anything even if they seem to be right .
Other activities in the surroundings .
I strongly recommend you to book online tickets to the Big Theater and visit it s opera or ballet .
I know everything .
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , had been chosen to become the lead woman in a big play !
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
If you hire me you wo n't regret it .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also affects your society .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
Pig 's blood was used for casualties or deaths in sword fights .
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " starring Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell .
The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with global food security .
For example , if people know that by using buses and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
Television has become one of the means to reduce stress levels . Besides providing entertainment , television has also become a source of information .
I 'll give you some other information shortly .
Nowadays , people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
I wish to express my dissatisfaction with this course .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to talk to the owner of the race track .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
These are just some of the many things that make me love this sport so much .
The practice of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning journey .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Our city has a well equipped waste management system .
You can start walking as you like , despite that , you should wear comfortable clothes and shoes .
It will automatically diminish its presence .
We would like to give you six months to scale up your skills .
Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right outside of the station waiting for you !
There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be held half a kilometre away .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the needs of the people regarding a high number of properties .
Take care ,
Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore people watching educational programs may end up switching the TV off or turning over to another channel , as a good movie or any other entertainment is way more appealing .
It is so stupid because the environment needs to be more important than political positions .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
If you like active cities with enormous activity , I think it is an excellent place .
Do you think you could join me ?
It was a normal Thursday .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
What he did n't expect was that all the hair had gotten stuck in his throat , leaving him unable to breathe !
The main disadvantage with the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
For those people , public transportation can be the optimal choice of transportation .
We must stop wasting our resources .
Nowadays , the number of car owners has been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
This brings me to the next issue .
I like new challenges to improve myself .
We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of having the technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
It is also a good idea to play badminton and mini - golf with them .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person . That 's it .
This kind of club will allow students to express their feelings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage their reactions and develop creative talent .
From now on , I will save my money to turn all my vacations into my dream vacations .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing . I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
Nowadays , public transportation is available almost all around the planet . We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in continuous transformation .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
Thank you for your letter !
I have got to sign off now , I 'm afraid .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I had never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
First , they would n't have privacy because there would be many people surrounding the one dealing with the employee .
You must try it !
I worked in a cafe last year in my country . I can work long hours .
I tried a couple of sizes to see which one fitted best .
There is a great public transport system .
Chief Executive Officer
All things considered , I think that English is the easiest option when you want to study a language .
We want to move the last factory away from the river .
There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
The shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
Michenstain was a very tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
There needs to be much wider public debate , and if a majority agree , they should be given enough time to get used to it .
In my opinion , public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient and at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
Hope things are winding down for you well !
Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but it ended up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to pay money from his own pocket .
Dear Mikel ,
You can choose the time and the days you would like to go and she has fantastic offers if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money .
You can choose a sport for any season and for any taste .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to notice and adapt to .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception of their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
I really like the school and it is going well so far .
In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks for sport .
She woke up and at once she felt something was making her happy .
I would be happy too , if , by any chance , I could apply to summer jobs or internships as another way of gaining experience .
Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your living standard may improve the same as your career path .
In order to get good grades , we are forced to participate in discussion .
It would be possible to organize a bus , which would be preferable to going separately by car .
City development is already under construction .
After Michael opened the door to the classroom , I saw in his eyes something strange .
I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
It is therefore no surprise that a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in government need to be filled .
It is about an American football player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter comes to his apartment .
Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'd have a fine to pay .
All my life I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squash .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
But the Duomo is not the most important .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
I am writing to you with concern about the U - turns your party have made and your broken promises .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people make of it .
Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and more safely .
Recently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally recommend it to anyone older than 13 .
The TV series known as Downton Abbey is the best I have ever seen , and in the following lines I would like to explain why .
Hence , public transport takes more time to travel .
Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
I do not want to bother you but it would be fantastic .
The melting glacier will bring a higher sea level .
Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment .
Another way to help is to save electricity , and while doing that , save money too .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
- If you have had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
Although my town is not an enormous industrial center , people are fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
Women were in charge of the household chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Caucasian family .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to stay at home till I find work or get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
In Lanjarón , as in the rest of the villages and towns , people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
But getting used to the Internet 's rules of communication , they might find it difficult to face up to reality , and make friends in the real world .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
Hi friend ,
When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
Many people have the impression that learning a language is only possible through hard work : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by heart and burying your head in a book .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourists to find out about the city they are visiting .
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Francois
Most of the furnishings will be machines and domestic activities will be done for us .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
-"Michie ! Wait for me ! "
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lambs , chickens to be fed .
Having looked at both causes and effects of obesity among people , it is recommended that people pay attention to eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a healthy lifestyle for their own benefit .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
We never hide anything from each other .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within the city limits .
I need my employees to be punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
The advertised position is very appealing to me because I have always been fascinated by nutrition and natural therapies .
This giant scary bunny was just in front of him .
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , but she thought she 'd heard her scream .
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers would cut down all the trees , and the squirrels would lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
I am not used to cooking for this number of people , but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be a great help to you this summer .
The aim of this proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilities .
Dear reader ,
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around my city or my country . That is the best , because you can visit cities .
Actually , it is not complicated to change habits in order to be healthier .
Sincerely ,
Nevertheless , once you start to go running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health and to find professional assistance .
I live in Spain at the moment .
Montmeló :
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
He wants to fix the problem , but his father says to him ,
I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to use a book and that is it .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit , you should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
My favourite sport is jogging .
Furthermore , the major thing that computers made easier for us is communication .
I could only oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know what surgery was like .
If you want to be a doctor , you should do these three things .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places in Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .
The one which is really worth seeing is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
For example , saving the endangered wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
Relationships can be very different .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings . I 'm very busy at work .
People currently seldom listen to the radio .
To his surprise , Amber and the manager of this restaurant were already standing in front of the door .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking of which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
As you can see , my summer was great .
Every method I 'd tried was useless .
To make life easier . People always want to make their life better .
Jack and the great , furry waffle .
And also we could n't choose programmes .
Compare and contrast Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and saving energy .
In addition , the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
The yellow bags and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
Secondly , it is important for people to become mature when they complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
This is a story about a country where there were no cats .
My height is 1.65 metres .
I truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits best .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
When it comes to helping communities , people have different attitudes towards whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
Nowadays , there are many people who do sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
- OK .
Dealing with other people is the hardest part , especially when they 're the same age as you .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
We ate the food and enjoyed it a lot .
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
I have worked in various activities like this . For example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
The pollution of many cars is so great .
My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years old and I live in Romania .
To : Tourist Office
On the other hand , the woman just says " I 'm sorry " .
I am not very good at all , but I like to play it with my friends and play matches on Saturdays .
Public transport is more convenient than cars in many ways . When we use public transport that benefits in many ways .
After After one month , my instructor told me that I would enter the competition .
Finally , there are a lot fewer traffic jams if people use public transport than if they use private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jams . Why are people not using it ?
Cristina Vargas
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make our lives any easier at all .
This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , we could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
He tried to kill me after killing lots of other people . '
Just after the French Revolution .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
In my opinion , parents should be concerned about their family 's comfort and should motivate their children to do sport , be in contact with a lot of people and avoid eating fast food .
On the one hand , it 's addictive . Internet addiction represents a serious problem in our age .
To conclude this report , there are many things that still need to be done .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
The lecturer 's second argument involves capturing and destroying the toads using volunteers .
All in all , future houses will look more like airplanes , and less like normal homes .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
I think going abroad is much more exciting .
The trend of personal car ownership is increasing rapidly .
The poor pair had gone too far and now they had to go back .
However , that is n't protected by the government and its institutions .
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
For example , making life better and more comfortable .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important space where writers tell the audience " who they are and how they want to be seen " ; a link that connects people 's " offline and online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Aris Drechsler
I have got one sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tina . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
I really think that it is necessary to make people conscious of the importance of saving the planet .
Thank you for your attention !
Firstly , as mentioned before , it would give everyone the opportunity to communicate with everyone .
Life implies change .
Finally , it is not expensive at all .
However , if the government were to monitor the citizens ' actions more closely , it would be considered an invasion of our privacy .
Town 's entertainment
In my opinion , this statement could be made by a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a free way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Moreover , the " Means - End Chain " is adapted in the television advertisement .
Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovers something on his own .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
Cantonese people always spend their holidays with their children here .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiar with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
In my country , we follow cricket like a religion .
Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
Thank you for your time and attention .
All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
Friendship stood the test of time and grew stronger with disagreements , fights and misunderstanding , all being resolved and forgotten in the name of friendship .
Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
One private car per individual is needed .
Most people associate branded products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no - name products are just cheap and without any quality and poor taste .
Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends .
Paula .
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
Hey baby ! '
' Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . '
I hope to see you soon .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
It uses only fresh ingredients from Naples that are brought there every day .
The plot of the movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
To introduce my skills , I passed all my exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
Louis had to pay for the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong , so he apologised to Lucas .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
Dear friend ,
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Second , new rules were legislated condemning any person intending to harm the environment in any way .
After that I played with my brothers out in the garden .
The building land is supposed to be their home .
On the other hand , I have met a lot of people , and they are very friendly .
Please , let everybody take their own responsibility !
I think that the worst thing about the trip was that on the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we had to change rooms .
One thing my coach always says is , "
I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
For this reason , I believe that they have more reliable content .
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
I am creative and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
They sense when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
In many countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
For baseball , if the hitter could n't hit the ball , the other players would not need to move at all .
Secondly , he or she should buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
It 's a pity that you have to choose between the activities that you love the most , but I guess that life is full of choices .
Easy availability also tempts us to fast foods .
But you must n't
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it .
It is done one after the other according to their age groups .
For example , researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
I 'll try to explain .
But the most important issue is the improvement of the general organization .
Trains are also boring , unless you take a bullet train , and I get motion sickness .
They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
All the produce is fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
On the other hand , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with their friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
As a result , I drifted away from the party , going home alone .
This story tells us that sometimes we can not control ourselves , but we should be alone and think positively or take a deep breath , and that will make us calm down .
This button is called " find me and come to me " .
On the other hand , they are still normal people , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
Visiting museums is an essential part of their travel to new places for many people .
This is particularly common among young people , who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing .
I think that I 'm a suitable person to look after them because I am quite responsible .
Nowadays , young people 's health is n't as good as , for example , twenty years ago .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and what happened to the rock was the clear proof of it .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema for my class and see a film about what I had studied in the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writers .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
I am interested in natural ways we can help in the local area .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company . It depends if the traffic 's good .
And a new workplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be better than the last .
I fell behind , but it was worth it .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans . They had the power and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men were in charge of the crops .
Her name was Sara .
One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Aria woke up , Spencer and Allison were gone !
Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
However , to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
What I did not do in the vacations
The program included many competitive activities that were full of fun and cheerful .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
Also , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
so I satisfied my ambition 13 years ago .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest on their investments .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
To experience it well , you should stay there at least three days .
You may not realize it when you shopping happily .
For example , it improves my cardiovascular system .
The best place I 've visited is probably Orlando because I like all the amusement parks and roller coasters .
I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around people .
If the government pays attention to improving the streets , decreases the use of cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people wo n't worry about going out .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
Nowadays , we have a lot of environmental problems .
Should schools spend more on computers and software than on textbooks ?
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others , so the world language will be established everywhere .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and at lights .
This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
It was a well planned holiday .
I disagree with you about the future of public transport .
We found your audition amazing .
It was long time ago that I read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
This inexpensive hotel has 112 rooms .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts for the city center .
Tong Sun Ku
The opportunity to meet my idols in real life was the most exciting .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
First of all , I strongly believe that I would be the most suitable applicant because of my long experience in bar service .
We can stop and do some mental arithmetic and we can see the large amount of money we spend each year .
Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of the utmost importance in this regard .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering teaching in school .
Dear Sir ,
That is probably because I do n't like team sports .
Do you mean surname ?
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do whatever she wants .
I am waiting for your email .
I hope that most of the big businesses , plants and stations will be taken outside of the city boundaries .
How the town treats the environment :
When I learned to windsurf .
The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops which could be interesting for tourists .
She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
There are people who would n't be able to travel if it was n't for public transport .
Maybe not !
Although his life was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembered his past life when he was a child .
Do you maybe have a friend who you would like to go to the concert with since we ca n't go together ?
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to their peak in August 1991 . While Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
I dealt with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeons .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south poles .
I 'm from Mramorak .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel on public transport .
Because I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
However , these things have changed , All the things I owned , built , remaining are broken .
On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
There are many reasons behind it being popular .
They notice any kind of failure .
Smith
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
-Hey , do n't run Snow .
Date : November 6 , 2015
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
" Blue train " , which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortably on the train .
Thank you for accepting our invitation to give a talk at our club .
In Italy , students have to decide between grammar schools and technical institutes as their secondary school type .
After freshman year , I decided that I would always give my best .
If you try it , you can do it .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes and you will have great fun although those clothes went out of style many years ago .
Susan is a little dragon .
We were at the terminal of New York . It was a very famous landmark .
I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
Yours faithfully ,
Hi Shrooq ,
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
Also , my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
Leaving my country , Somalia , was very hard for me .
Also , I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
This topic is controversial these days . Should everyone take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , whose systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or might it be a realistic idea ?
Public transportation can help fight greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from climate - change effects .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound in the world .
The next time I do this lesson , I will use a more skills - based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
People are becoming more and more aware of the importance of environmental protection and want to contribute to saving our Earth .
Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly get married .
I have to go shopping , sorry .
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
When we watch a football game , everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of football .
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
Anna would never forget it !
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
Subjects that should be taught at school .
Then there are some requirements for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated on looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
Regards .
You ca n't disagree that our world become urbanization in the future , can you ?
Even just in cities , let alone travelling long distances .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
To my mind , this is not right .
While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself through it .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing farmland and wetland as well as deforestation .
Sadly , the police found out that it was them .
I strongly recommend this amazing series to people who want to take a glimpse into the history of a fascinating country and experience different feelings together with the main characters .
This sport is not just about physical power .
There are plenty of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so you can really enjoy your holiday .
This essay will explain these different steps .
A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
Eindhovensebaan 32
Nowadays , I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thank them .
Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his stays with one goal in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as much as possible .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Anyway , what about having lunch on Saturday and speaking about it quietly ?
However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
perhaps the same .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
Dear Anne , Thank for your letter asking about my family and my friends .
The surprise of the weekend
Television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
In the 19th century , for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , genius resembles mental illness .
My favourite sport is football . I like it so much . It means a lot to me . It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
My family members are very helpful and supportive .
The first thing to visit , according to the map , was the Albufeira center .
The reason for this is that the nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels and dilates them , which helps the blood flow more easily and lowers blood pressure .
Conclusions and recommendations
Boat trips are long and boring .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square . There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
Thank you for this conversation .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
It was 31st October .
In addition , you have to share with people you absolutely do n't know and probably wo n't see again .
Chau
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
That scared him .
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
It 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
In areas exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs did n't match with what was happening , but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chemical sector .
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
Letter of Recommendation
Yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called Blade Runner .
Therefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of society .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on his wife 's face .
The second is a pragmatic reason . I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
Honestly , I do not like nature programmes so much because they are so boring !
The performance turned out to be enjoyable , with a lot of witty jokes .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
He remembered two years ago when he had been working and he decided to return home early . While he was on his way home , he saw his girlfriend with another guy . They were hugging .
Also , we could go to the bar to drink some juice or go to eat an ice - cream .
But do n't panic . Let 's think rationally .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
I would like to make new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
2 . Fashion in small towns .
She was weak , but preferred to be called fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
She told me that she was bored as well and that she also had two brothers .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and returning the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it is n't worth it .
Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened to music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements .
And still working hard to build our own brand .
He surfs three or four hours each day .
It is a language that many people speak and know .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be too nervous in front of the teachers .
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home has been a place where people can feel safe .
Travelling by train is quite fast , and pleasant , I can travel safely to more places worldwide than people taking a boat or plane transport .
After two years , the winner was decided , and he made Japan go into poverty .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I enjoy all kinds of sports , such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact with forever .
They are really great people who want to help others , without pay .
Clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
If you like hiking , you could explore the mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
So , how can we improve them ?
Nowadays , they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence . They begin to have a lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
However , the situation has already changed .
Sometimes you lean against a window .
The round table at St. Petersburg State University attracted quite a large audience .
I worked in a secondary school for about 2 years , where I gained experience which would be suitable for the current position .
I am interested in working with you .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
they nearly always reply with their occupation .
When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion between professor and student . Others may disagree .
- feel the dream is so vivid and real .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully to arrange an interview time .
I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
I 'm a student at the Academy of Finance .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because there are always people laughing and talking about funny things .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
I remember , because we won .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
Finally , I want to let you know both of my referees are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
The watch showed the time was 9.30am and there were 2 hours left before he must go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated into the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers , in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
On the other hand , using public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , electricity and other materials used is a lot lower per head .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of choosing their destination , the time to leave or to arrive , even the people to go with .
He loves my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself from head to toe , and the most important thing , he loves me with all his heart .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
The idea has declined that working and living need to be fairly close to each other .
The most important step is inspecting the notes to see which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
Young people use it a lot .
There are company so much , they , they make our life polluted .
I believe that in the future all transport will be public transport or , at least , mass transport .
Regards .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Starting to develop our nation is in effect starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
Every student should attend and show their talent .
Many times , reading my own poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
The end completely blew me away and I believe it was the best part of it .
For all these reasons , walking is my favourite sport .
She is a very interesting and wise person , but the best thing is her humor .
I think it is probable that in some years the technology could have improved quite a lot , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
After having tea , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
However , documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty - six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost .
MARIO
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
She was different from all the other kids .
For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's two daughters .
Public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
I hope you will consider my application .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only moves to other regions and types .
Public transportation
However , there might be a problem with the choice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so students have to choose a language they do not prefer .
You should forget fast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
When I see him and ask him how he is .
I am originally from Ukraine and lived from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland for 3 years .
" I can't ... do it " , he slammed his head on the desk .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Big World " .
Tonight , she would be gone . He had already signed the papers . His choice was made .
In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a routine .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
Dear Jo ,
First of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's too late .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
That 's why it 's difficult to define one general style for the generation .
Traffic is a really big problem in cities nowadays and only the use of public transport can make a significant difference to the quality of life in our cities .
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it seems there is no future for public transport .
Travelling has become a great part of our daily lives , whether we only go to the nearby grocery store or choose to visit our relatives who live in another country .
Dinner includes two courses .
For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and , in the worst case , you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
The most important ones are probably hotpots : mashed potatoes and vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
Then he was arrested and charged with the robbery before a magistrate , and is waiting for his sentence .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invited schoolchildren to come to the concert .
My name is Laura .
It is beyond doubt the taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
Yesterday , I wanted him to tell me the story of his life .
A lot of brands are generally good .
So , let 's begin .
Using overground transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
Dear Jo ,
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilt over her husband 's death .
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
So I did n't have time for much .
For me , sport is very important .
At 4:00 pm we set off for Dhaka was an early move because of the faulty car .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
One day cricket is played often .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) conducted some examples into robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
It 's all part of the game .
Would you like to do this course with me ?
I hope you will take my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and work very seriously .
The diagrams show how to make bank notes . There are four steps to making bank notes .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people present a different identity on Facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
But it is not relevant to my future life .
I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .
While we are studying , we may not think seriously about jobs .
Safety and knowledge of body mechanics are very important to the CAS vision as they give a feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
Moreover , there are not many parking places in big cities .
Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
It 's a small town and there are not too many options for travelling by public transport .
Javier .
In conclusion , this will make everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
This movie touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things .
He was the best student in his class .
During the concert , I was responsible for checking tickets .
Once the sun goes down , I would hit the bars to have some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .
It 's a dual effect !
There are also public containers for glass and clothes all around the village .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring people new experiences of food , lifestyle and cultural exchange .
On August 20 , the " New York Times " published an article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter from the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in the back of your mind " .
The first episode aired in 1963 and , since then , Doctor Who has been one of the most famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
Firstly , I would like to say that I have some experience of looking after children because I worked at a local summer camp last summer .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 million dollars for the painting , but the Norwegian government said no .
Nana gives me a feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
For example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .
For example , lack of clean water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural resource depletion , etc .
In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
They had no choice , because life was difficult , and they had no money .
.
I do not agree with what journalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who had done many performances , I would not like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
That sounds a little bit like the name of any sci - fi or horror .
It 's because of that we need to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve our goals more efficiently .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and aeroplane .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
pop and disco music are something all young people like .
You return home .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
Their activities had lots of negative consequences , such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
My job was cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's main responsibility was to play the movies for the clients , so I 'd make sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjoy watching the movies with him .
Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts , because you can analyse different opinions .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in the case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to a warzone .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone can use their car every day , especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
Tom was getting really anxious , worrying that he would never make it back to his job . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend a lot of time searching for it .
The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
Many people hesitate to tell others about an incident because they think it is embarrassing to tell others about this .
When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
Congratulations on your wedding . I hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life .
However , I am non - American and I live with a man who surprises me every day in a positive and also in a negative way . I can not describe my own husband .
And the list goes on .
The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
Introduction .
Overall , I just love children .
Well , I have good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last week when I went to the cinema .
It must be awful for you .
People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
The most exciting day of my life .
If you go there , tell me what you think .
USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICATION .
If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't miss this piece of art .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
Advertising on television is an effective way to communicate a service to the general public .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
It is true that basketball requires a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
What did I like most about this course ?
Firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , but I went .
Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
It is never too late .
It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
We are witnessing a great development in working from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
The trees also stop soil erosion in the rainy season .
essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to let them continue as they are .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cultures .
College is the only place where I feel I am special . That is why I always like to be there .
They are going to see a new film about James Bond .
But the best of all for me was the sinking of the ship , when it went down to the bottom of the ocean .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feelings that I have ever felt in my life .
The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and then one of the two teams kicks it .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but also because of the experience that it could bring them .
Alison is very happy because she had not seen Tom for two months .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
The air was polluted by smog due to the huge number of cars .
It was a great experience .
It is important when we work or study in international areas .
Nevertheless , there is another side to this reality .
For this reason , people are becoming aware of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
She was ready to leave , but something inside her was telling her to stay . The boat was very strong , but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean . She was afraid .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which I saw in the International Newspaper to apply for the job in the USA Summer Camps .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet somebody 's needs by buying things .
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful , but I 'm also professional , so I know how to take care of children .
Maybe the bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
A final notable change is that a football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
During those two years , I was responsible for the organisation and booking of bands .
I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
His charity 's saved many lives .
During my studies , my parents and I noticed that I understood kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
This method has its advantages , as it is the way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
Her birthday was on Friday and they all wanted to go to the greatest club in Barcelona that night to have some fun .
Suffice it to say , buying new items may be viewed as a waste of time .
Their first date was more or less awkward , which was typical for most first dates in life .
Yes I do .
In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talking about multinational companies that try to change our way of life to suit their needs .
Peter got there and had to take practically all of his clothes off because the office was like an oven .
Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
My previous employers are happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of the fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw the very tall building where the interview place was located .
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
Television still has something important to show .
I am eagerly looking forward to hearing from you .
Her friends came back to their country , but Anna is still missing .
I think I am a good player .
Also , it 's good for fitness and health .
Lecce .
The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to our life .
I would like to suggest improving the website in the following ways .
In my opinion , everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
Almost all the advertisements are encouraging users to download its mobile application .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
Large numbers of buses all around the city .
That makes me a good candidate to get the job , or the hobby for me !
she responded . '
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
Bake them for 15 minutes .
It will be our third time at this campsite .
Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournaments within the scope of continental confederations for a place in the finals .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and , as a result , become addicted to it .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus to school .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
I am an architect . I have 5 years of professional experience .
Furthermore , colours which are used in decoration of shops or restaurants are also rather influential .
My view of eating habits .
My mother told me that I would have to take care of it by myself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is like .
Casar de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , which has a huge following in several countries .
It was assumed that beetroot juice would increase oxidation and would reduce lactate production .
Also , it was the governor 's ultimate purpose .
This is an impressive way to document a change over many years , but on the other hand , it is challenging to keep photographs in good condition .
Dear Jane ,
I am very concerned about this proposal for a number of reasons .
However , anyone who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and global society .
You can watch whatever you want , whenever you want ! There 's always something to watch for everybody .
He had been wrong .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math too .
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalating gas prices and , finally , you will not remember air pollution .
Moreover , this job would be an excellent experience to improve my English and make me more self - confident .
I think it 's the best soap opera ever made .
As I remember , there were educational channels like Discovery and National Geographic .
There is no denying that the environment is changed by the behavior of people and animals .
In addition , most greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
I am a forty - year - old secondary school teacher of Art and I believe I have qualifications that you may be looking for . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding on a career in our life .
Public transport is more boring .
The target population included telecommunication service users who subscribed to a loyalty program .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
And guess what ...
Ertan
It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs . Hence , it has been considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
Usually my eating habits are similar to most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
I was a little worried because I love my sister but she was young and I had a lot of work .
She knew that her eighteenth birthday was approaching and she would spend it and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
To : manager of the centre
The dispatcher told him every little thing he had to do .
You can never really say a situation is unfortunate unless you have already been in it .
The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
After lunch we could have a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
His wife decided , because she loved him , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original was published in 1828 .
I would like to make the following recommendations :
The general transport facilities can be divided into three types .
Those kinds of stimuli come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
To me , that is weird .
They can quickly feed his baby .
But , thanks to mom , I feel much better now .
I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
For example , for doing diving , do you provide all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
People should first recognize that searching for information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
Therefore , I think that I am a suitable person for the job .
Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
So he was her escape .
Once again , there is no better place in the world to spend this time you have available .
It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
Yours faithfully
I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is no future for public transportation it is not completely true . I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
The most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled her under the bed while stabbing her chest with a sharp gimlet .
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
First of all , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to take you to Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and other beautiful places .
It turned out that they sent my work to a few institutes and one of them was interested in me .
There is a place in my country which played a very important role during World War II .
Because we like food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
Nevertheless , far from arrogance and vanity , we can still find some young people who have interesting personal values that are used by them to define their lifestyle .
Bye ,
Thus , I suggest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was dealing with failures and kept telling myself that it was n't a big shame because I had tried my best .
It can prevent colds .
In the flash of an eye , the police came .
These courses will develop the civic sense of students and they will start getting involved actively in society .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came into his head .
Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman would prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
In this report , I will describe the school system in my country , point out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
remote control .
You do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
In addition , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
In addition , my car is considerably more powerful than other means of transport .
I have a father , a mother and three sisters .
Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including a Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
This is impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
Community service orders are more appropriate than prison punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
Welcome tourists ,
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
When I was young , we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play it .
The year off should be taken after university studies .
Never had any serious relationship .
Mini vacations can be fun , but sometimes boring , because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Developing a strategy for studying is vital .
It is sometimes very hard for me . " "
I can speak English , since I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic . However , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
She went to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
I hope we will get this chance next year .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
Confronting the challenging instead of turning aside , trying to think of possible solutions instead of giving up at the beginning , always being positive about the unknown instead of negative and retreating . All these are the main reasons why humankind can keep improving .
After listening to the short story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
To sum up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire brigade also arrived at the destination .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
For all the above reasons , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
Most importantly , they manually inspect each printed sheet in case there should be damaged sheets .
Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
Firstly , how can the college save energy ?
In the historical , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
Everything here is great .
I 'm Emad from Egypt .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
So , at most , I would put a fourteen inch one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Firstly , the primary education and study system in Vietnam is very hard .
Just for money for more houses , but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
He found the computer and checked his calendar which said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .
This is one of my favourite actors , because , when he is recording a film , he assumes his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
I love serving customers and dealing with different and complex situations .
The creation of MTV in 1980 has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
This article deals with the benefits and drawbacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although the problems were not insuperable , they caused great inconvenience .
It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put them into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
Exhale .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had to go to school at seven o'clock .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by the jury with the maximum score of 10 .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
Yours faithfully ,
I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
A lot of different languages are spoken all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn .
I 'm short .
- Physiotherapy is not only about exercises ; some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
What are you reading ?
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
Cultural visits
I do n't lose anyone !
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
We took all we needed and started the search for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't find them .
Moreover , I got a diploma in English reading and writing skills .
They had improved their knowledge by having experience of the field .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
Tracy
The vacation starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , creating an experience you will never forget .
Dear Manager ,
The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
As we know , the privilege of having a journey by car is more convenient than by public transport .
I can assure you you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with the Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
It 's all about lines .
Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal of fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back to their work on time .
With competition giving him no choice at all , the producer is forced to abide by the market equilibrium .
I am a 24-year - old Italian girl . I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their results and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for better coordination of hand and eye .
Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster mode of transport .
But what to do ?
This is the experience which I 've been waiting for for ages !
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain fame all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
Dear Jo ,
Whereas developed countries have become aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to affect the environment in a negative way .
80% of the game is mental : you have to think about what move you should make next and what the rest of the team is up to .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
---------------------------------------------------------------------
They would only follow orders and would n't be late and there would not be any arguments .
What is the point of living ?
To this , I think , it is a journey which goes in the wrong direction .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment , so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
I would recommend you to go there by car .
In the past , friends were made when people met each other , other than , of course , pen friends .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
You have to be competitive !
On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has had a tremendous impact .
Yours faithfully
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
My best friend has always been like a sister to me .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
He hoped a lot of students would join in with this activity , so he made a rule which was that if you got your friends ' writing , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
There are some downsides to an advanced world too . For example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
While both methods clearly have their advantages , I believe that just limiting students to either one or the other can have a negative effect on language learning .
As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effects of people 's actions .
It had n't been easy , she had had to leave her beloved homeland behind .
The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
Public transport will have a bright future ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish from our lives .
The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
In my opinion , it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it .
Recycling
Also , you will manage approx . 16 people and you will have a free hand to deal with them as you like .
In this area , you can find many facilities , such as two swimming pools , a tennis court and a volleyball court .
There I went to Surabaya International School , where I learnt English .
Thus , everyone can be an expert .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other s ' misuse of it .
Best regards .
The development of space technologies and companies connected to construction of spacecraft may give rise to space tourism .
Also , the increase in disposable income has given more buying power to consumers .
It was perfect . She jumped sixty centimeters .
I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .
Better still , the future of public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
Hi , everyone .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
-Help organise sports and evening activities .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which are organized in many countries .
People also discuss its advantages and disadvantages .
I 'm keen on cultural activities such as theatre or cinema .
Playing squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn . I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
Sometimes , you feel that you do n't want to do it , but believe , once you put on your shoes , things change and you enjoy the running as you do it all the time .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
However , it is n't all that great .
On Luckily , I had a mobile phone , but Michael said that we needed to run away because we did not know whether those bullies were around the corner .
This is one reason why it is my favorite sport .
I think that it is not the only way , but it is the best way .
Despite the land in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens live there .
Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging myself .
In that way , we can enjoy all the new technology of today , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
She ate breakfast , dressed and went to work .
Because of the damage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
He is a Polish basketball player .
So , TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue for the development of our society and younger generations in particular .
I have been keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
Everyone has a car .
And the worst thing - the queues .
First of all , the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also clothes .
Best regards ,
Surely this is not everything .
Especially in our hectic world , it is very important to find yourself and just listen to your body .
At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
But first let me explain the process followed to manufacture anything .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
I do n't usually watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
On starting , I was really bored and I wanted to stop playing .
On the other hand , as a mobile application , some people probably feel confused about how it works .
There are many green parks where you can do sports and other activities without polluting .
Dearest Renee ,
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
If you train often , your muscles will become very strong .
I have already been on camps before .
She has a really skinny body , and her hands are long and covered in brown spots .
Prospects for the future " , " Crimea between Russia , Ukraine and Turkey .
Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
Students have to study two parts , which are the engineering part and the military part .
His partner said : " Man , we have to do something and quick " .
The government must save gasoline and jazz to solve the problem .
I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
It was a truly amazing event .
It 's pretty scary because of all that happens in the book , all the dead bodies and hurt people .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
In addition , attending social activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
In an age when career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors , it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create ' a new you ' by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself and the world , in order to develop and expand your career options .
However , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school
One of the things that I feel stressed about are the final exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused by my notes .
Those are the most dangerous roads in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
Regards ,
I am really very interested in the job on your summer camp . I have worked for seven months in Spain in a similar job .
In fact , using technology without changing the content would be a total failure .
I tend to collect three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
With all things considered , the bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be considered as the finest film in the series yet .
This is a great problem during the winter : almost every student has suffered from illnesses during that time of the year .
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
It is good to have your unique value system , but stories about people who have been doing good affect you and your future decisions .
If you want to live healthily , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have .
Above all , people are not used to undergoing suffering and , what is more brutal , death .
In my opinion , Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
It was the best summer ever .
I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art in English .
Moreover , soccer helps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , his body becomes strong .
To my mind , shopping has both supporters and opponents .
Thank you .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
The dark clouds in the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his weak desire to live .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
Besides , excessive use of computers and mobile phones is not helping to solve the problem at all .
On the one hand , an advantage of studying in your own country is that you would be able to share with people with the same problems during their learning process as you .
In addition , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
Dear Mrs. Morgan
I thought she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
Technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we will do a lot of things .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because , when the forests are clean , forest fires hardly happen .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which makes your life more easy and effective .
Governments should promote the best mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emissions and people would be encouraged to go green .
Tom arrived home very late .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
Also , Ss were writing the sentences individually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to write for the whole team .
I recommend it to you .
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to succeed in a future job , but I do n't agree with this statement .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Transportation is very important in cities and villages as well as in sub - lines .
Through our customs , we celebrate our past and keep our cultural heritage alive .
The film is about a movie shooting and the adventures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
The glorious world of Jane Austen is brought back to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
It helps me be stronger and more active .
Trains or MRTs
There are many reasons for using alternative assessment techniques : learners demonstrate things learned , take responsibility , motivation may increase and they have the opportunity to use language for real - life purposes .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
The main reason is the convenience of travelling by car in comparison with using public transport .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
If I quote you in my work , I might score a few extra marks .
He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
As we know , our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
The tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holiday package .
Of course , being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
Louis got caught and told the police that Lucas was the one that had broken it .
However , the use of public transport , especially in densely populated cities , allows people to save time while commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
It 's a team sport where you have to start and stop like in aerobics .
Taking care of our environment is considered , by many of us , one of the most important things in our lives .
I play basketball at school .
Thank god , I live right opposite one big park .
I think that efforts must be made quickly by governments to protect our homes .
It had been a fun day out , but unfortunately he had to be home in time for bed .
Article : My Best Friend
To sum up , it seems that computers are a useful addition to our fast - moving world of high technology .
It is inevitably true that excessive use of public transport leads to higher levels of pollution .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots . Everyone deserves what they want .
We have developed technology to make our lives easier .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their living .
Using public transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park your car .
A second thought crossed my mind , telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
My article is about a class play .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
I always go !
Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
In my opinion , the dumplings with spinach tasted great .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
But I will try to convince them .
All companies are the same , any solve your problems .
Furthermore , you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
Jacob remained there bursting with rage .
I like to spend time with cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
Nevertheless , being famous has both its benefits and drawbacks .
His brother Paul had been searching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a complete mess .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological .
When I was in school I used to go to my grandparents ' home to have lunch because my parents were at work . I fondly remember my grandma 's great cooking skills that she still has to this day .
As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer draw his / her own conclusions .
Yours sincerely ,
I would like to inform about correction of my family name in the result sheet .
AIESEC 's Scope
Nowadays , our team has grown up and there are thirty of us .
Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
Even though studying a language has become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to achieve when you study by yourself .
There is a unique atmosphere !
Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles more than 15 years old .
See you soon .
I had a lot of friends ; too many friends .
And I am glad to win a championship cup .
Usually I only play basketball at school .
I will buy a bicycle .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus . I love it .
On the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but can improve even this in the future .
If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
4988 RI Sittard
He suddenly recognized someone , Molly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The rest of the show is based on the interactions between all 4 children and how they work together to unite their family .
My favourite sport is squash .
Roberta Trentino
As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have hands - on experience of organising a cultural festival and particularly a musical concert .
Would you like to become a basketball player too ?
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
Yours faithfully
At my age , young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
No , not at all !
When you get to the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
Fast food has become part of everyday life .
I ca n't stand it any longer " - he thought .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , the most important thing is to carry on .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
No future for public transport ?
Could you put in me contact with any of your customers for more information ?
If you have more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
The young Polish man was very grateful and replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp with the St John 's Ambulance .
Then they went to the dead man 's car and put him in there .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
If not done , healing is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
He picked up the keys and quickly left the house .
Every step marks a footprint in the ground .
You can start playing cricket game .
Well done , Carly !
" The Others " is a film that is about a family that lives in a house and in this house many strange things happen .
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
A mind that lost it .
I can work really hard if it 's needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am a suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and looking after children .
In a word , the government should appeal to people in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only focus on personal profit .
The Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
Personally , people must dedicate most of their time to things they should do for two important reasons .
I have experience of this work , because last year I worked at a children 's camp in London .
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain . All my friends and I are having a party and it would be fantastic if you were able to come .
It was a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruined my life . I would never be the same again . I was at home looking out of the window , when the phone rang .
Aly Meeuws
How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
So , the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
Around Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakeries : '
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
He was spoiling all the people 's crops , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked for international companies , in both Spain and Venezuela .
South of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway , while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
To sum up , television entertains ; it can also educate .
After my awareness of what was happening with our natural resources , I am very glad to have been playing my part .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the stores were closed , so he had to find a solution .
My hero and my villain
2012 ) described an experiment by Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situations .
To my mind , our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
First of all , there is a contradiction in the argument .
The Home of the Future - in what ways will homes be different in the future and in what ways will they be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , why do we have the need to feel superior to other people ?
In my opinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
You are comfortable wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy warm coat .
Suddenly , he heard a hihg - pitched scream .
Peter began his slow dissent into the bowels of the building in front of him .
There are a lot of benefits of developing public transportation .
The third category is called bad sheets . They will be securely destroyed .
This means you do n't know for sure who you 're really talking to .
I know that you have experience in searching got the best employees and you have quality .
The skills he has are wonderful . He knows everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with his back !
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with family members when you eat out .
The driver took me to a place he knew .
As you know , I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
Public transportation is excellent ; you save money , take care of the environment and make friends .
How are you ? I am fine .
Furthermore , I worked for some major companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
It carries more people , while a private vehicle carries fewer people .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of the children .
He decided to take the stairs , and so he did .
The map shows changes that have taken place in the town of Eastminster since 1999 .
Following this trend , I have become a procrastinator in the end , which made me unable to face the problems of time management .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
Looking after children is one of my favorite things to do and many people tell me I am good at it .
However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
It is true that when travelling to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , because of the ease of having your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time taking cabs .
Whatever you need , someone in Lancaster will sell it to you .
It 's called Spotify and it has grown super big .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use .
New technology has improve systems in many areas of society , mainly in information systems .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
At the University of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
The aim of this report is to outline what shopping facilities there are in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
Many people would disagree , but our future depends on public transport .
One day Michael woke up from a strange dream , the dream was focused on a camera that was following a shadow in front of it .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
This year , I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
And because of technology , our lives become easier .
It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user - friendly and functional .
I do n't know what I can tell .
Piotr Sobczak
Violent programmes , reality shows and others of that kind have nothing to teach .
And maybe the car is the most comfortable .
I believe there are numerous possibilities for public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
This experience was very important and made me more confident about my English skills .
So I think that , soon , cars will take the place of public transport .
I think it will enrich my CV .
Recently I saw a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
Because of age changing us , we did n't see each other , but when we had grown up more , we met on the weekends and sometimes were upset about some problems that we had .
What influences do these salaries have on the clubs is quite simple .
Hi Mum and Dad
Alex , I and my friends are going to the cinema at the weekend .
You can find the same stuff in Italy for half the price !
Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
At our hotel there was like a water park . It was enormous .
In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with its chairs , tables and other furniture .
We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Firstly , if someone wants to move in the city using a car , that can be very expensive due to traffic jams .
Television is very important for giving language skills to children .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
That 's why I admire him .
I appreciate your support .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Is it the genes we are born with ?
They try new food in completely different places .
I will wait a for phone call from you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
Always remember that " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school " , Albert Einstein said .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
Sincerely yours ,
A language is the great thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
They were crying .
Yeah ?
By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every year of Jaiwu .
Obviously , shopping for food is not equivalent to purchasing clothes .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Taking care of environment has become an essential need in our daily life .
Italy is well regarded for its education .
The most popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the topping you like best .
At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to store and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from one sort to another .
Nothing was found difficult or struggling .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
I hope my help was useful .
Using respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Ss could hardly hear each other well because of the rectangular layout of the room .
We have got a large shopping centre with some local shops , you can get plenty of things that you want from it .
It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
In the long run , people addicted to shopping do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
And now , I am happy .
He led him to a room which said ' Happy ' on the door .
The city where I live is nice with parks and , a huge lake .
2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
Twenty - five years later , he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
An old saying goes ' You never get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
My town only uses electric cars because they do n't give off carbon dioxide .
" If you think so , go away , forever ! " told Michael .
Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and solving mathematical equations .
It lets us improve our listening and speaking skills .
Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
The woman uses mental and material processes the same number of times .
I admire her very much .
.
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
How to learn English
Having scarce land is not the sole problem in Hong Kong .
These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for a convenient answer .
Secret agents have often been chosen as the main characters in stories and films , such as the James Bond ones , which managed to be really successful .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me . I do n't know how she managed it , but she hurt me .
I took physics class .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of July .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , which is good .
Nowadays , it is possible to listen to various types of music .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
This report has the aim of showing and discussing the main ways to reduce pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
Thank you for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional . For example , the waiting time is very short .
A city of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve in lots of fields .
When she opened the door , the boys set off fireworks .
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
I enclose my personal contact information and hope for a positive answer from you .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without a fixed timetable .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
He did n't have time to get scared because all that he was thinking was why he did n't wake up at once .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
While she was getting ready , she heard a door bell .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
After the meeting and when he was leaving , he turned back and said : "
I ca n't pronounce well .
My name is Anna . I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality , so I enjoy planning activities or organising sport events in a special and colorful way .
And because history has a way of repeating itself , I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a comeback .
There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
I expect that this course will help me develop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and discuss my research in a more effective way .
In Milan , the association Runners from Mars welcomes thousands of runners who compete for charity .
So , we have to take care of it .
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
After she comes out , she decides to take another revenge for the same reason .
Location
For myself , I very much belong to this group .
Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
Hope to hear from you soon .
" Tock " .
Jabalpur(M.P )
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
Whereas our style of food has changed a lot .
Everyone in this world has their own favorite sports , and so do I. My favorite sport is football .
It service the education and entertainment aspects of our lives .
It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and repairs are costly .
Improvements to socialising opportunities
Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
Dear Mr Beacon ,
That 's the easy part .
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
If you want to start to ride a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
And we can see that controlling the traffic is not going out of the hands .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet . She also has an attractive personality and a big heart , but she is very nervous .
They help our ageing population , but we should make some new reforms to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there are no longer any public transportation services since travel by car is more convenient .
One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she has had her legs amputated .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
When she had arrived at her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
So , do n't be lazy , get up and start running .
The third reason :
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
Secondly , public transport seems to be getting more expensive day by day , which has reduced its popularity .
I apologise .
People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice controlling their inner energy , and also respecting others .
Hey , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's not funny .
Second is the preparation of the metal plates .
Not until Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call her .
I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me in my career .
In the end , the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a brighter future .
Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
The lack of vision from our leaders is almost appalling .
Beginings
There are summer and winter kinds of sports .
Due to the geographical conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean , people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
Be honest with yourself .
For of all these reasons , I highly recommend considering Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit more money and a car .
However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
I could start whenever you like .
1- It 's very common . I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion him : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
I saw a policeman who was my friend and he explained to me that a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and see the scene of the crime .
I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really pleased if you 'd give me your help .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
Pills ?
And what a beautiful house it was !
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout this game .
I 'm interested in one sport ; football .
It was a ring which was given to her by her mother .
My Favourite Sport .
The leverage point of Trivago is providing hotel room search services .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
Dear Sir ,
In addition , junk food is very easy to find .
On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
Some people support this " gap year " theory , while others seem to disagree .
Raising people 's awareness of pollution and how we must have a more sustainable existence is what makes us look for other less selfish and handy options .
A car can be driven very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
My favorite sport affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
On the other hand , the government should think about some measures for protecting the environment .
The boy soon becomes friends with the psychologist , and he starts noticing plenty of things about this exceptional boy .
She has a lot of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
You changed the time of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at work .
I was impressed .
It'll make you learn faster .
Even though the research can not really succeed .
So let 's play basketball .
It is very exciting that entertainment and education can be merged to accomplish the spread of knowledge among the masses in an enjoyable way .
We believe that fair play is a very important topic , because children must learn to behave properly when playing a sport .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and , for that reason , tennis is my favourite sport .
Hi Anne ,
My favourite sport is football .
We should be careful of careless drivers .
It is an individual sport but also a team activity .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
( Please ! ) .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
Also , Japanese people think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
There were also conflicts between western countries and ISIS .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Her parties are always the best .
Even there , you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
The scenery , the beauty of a mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Magali Hervieux .
The members of my family are certainly my real best friends , who I can trust and ask anything without shame or regrets .
Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
However , are parents the best teachers in our life ?
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
I may not know how to cook the usual food of the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
Lastly , there are sports dedicated malls , which are Velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
You will not be able to find the right size , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
They just prefer to travel long or short distances in individual vehicles , known as cars .
However , it is also likely that people 's lives , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
Mohammed came back to his town , Mekka , after that and forgave the people of Mekka who abused him .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
Unlike in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
I am sure that you will love this country !
Good health is better than the best medicine .
Fuji .
Firstly , I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites , such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
She smiled and said " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we will start " .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
Magazines and newspapers allow learners to have direct contact with language in real contexts .
The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it takes a toll on our health .
All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
I like many other games , but the best one is this .
Surprising stories that we will not ever imagine .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
Travelling by car is much more convenient but we all know really there is no future for public transport .
The journey to the United States was surprisingly good , I had some friends on the plane who were going to the same destination as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
When it seemed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thief and he fell down on the pavement .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Michael made a very bad mistake ....
In recent years , governments have encouraged people to take public transport because of the fuel crisis .
Plan
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Another kind of classes that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this field .
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
In fact , some people just understand one aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied the wrong method .
They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore , can not be used as an opposite example .
Channels like National Geographic and Animal Planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origins of species .
I highlighted anything that required action from me on my copy of the clues , e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
To start running , this community will need a few things .
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
When integration of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to use .
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
I was hoping that my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronics .
The waiters are very welcoming and informative , so you feel very comfortable .
This position will allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industry .
He was sweating , looking at people in a confused way .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
I was hesitant but later decided to go .
As soon as I came to university , my life changed .
To me , to fall in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
It is a very useful experience in many ways .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
I have experience of working with children .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was given free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
But I hope our town will be better with our help .
If yes , then you are one of 8.7 billion who have also drunk under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Yours faithfully ,
This is another opinion .
Thanks to increasing living standards , people are able to afford a bigger and more expensive wedding .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
I feel wonderful and my promise is that when I have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
These kinds of places can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on their children 's care .
First , one elevator did n't function . Then they had a fight to find who was to blame for the elevator .
What is more , these kinds of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
This tower is a precious monument of Roman art and it is one of the oldest buildings in Lublin .
On the other hand , family is very important .
Many of us do not get enough time in the morning to prepare our lunch for the office .
There is no sport like football .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are a witness , you should try to call for help first .
Consequently , gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transport .
As a consequence of an increase in the number of private cars .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it has a language center .
The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near to hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten , but destroy a large town completely .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
The location , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
It 's a must !
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés for a teaching position at IHME and the Department of Global Health within the School of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
He taught me my basic English , to play tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I could go on .
His selfishness stood in the way .
At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I do n't know why , but I go on the street almost every day in order to exercise .
Love , Valeria
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for a master 's degree meets my requirements and needs .
What was inside was dangerous but fascinating .
Finally , after a few minutes of walking , Alison approached a tree .
I look forward to hearing from you .
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
What emerged from the discussion we had in class , is that plenty of students spend their free time watching useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studying for school .
That day I spent most of my time with Noman with his over - talking habit .
I strongly believe that this TV programme deserves its popularity .
There are many things that explain why I prefer football to other sports .
I would say , it does n't matter whether you are performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if you 're acting your main character , embody all their traits and features appropriately to the situation .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert of the city .
Sincerely ,
Many people start learning English at school .
Once the button is pushed , the car finds the driver and literally picks him up .
This will help them understand their mistakes and prevent them in future .
I ca n't wait to hear more about your work , you seemed very excited about it .
My other advice is that I am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
I think I am very suitable for this position as I really enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
Differently , foreign men often believe that they are being desired due to this constant eye contact .
Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
However , I find shopping with my mother pleasant and easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
These standards are called unwritten rules , which can be defined as unspoken rules imposed in each culture to make the population live more civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Lives - Paragraph 6 ) .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not disturb such moments .
I think that there are not many disadvantages of learning another language .
Also , there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
Life and change also have a direction , an aim : growth .
I went to the same park .
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a car .
What are the sports you usually do ?
I am a twenty - year - old student in my second year at National University of Culture of Ukraine .
Patrycja Vigh
He has very important skills for an actor . These are charisma and charm .
That will be a complete disaster , because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
All her clothes are from the kids ' section and yet they 're usually too loose .
The hotel would be luxurious but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full . I think that many people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they ca n't .
You can ride at your own pace and go increasingly far .
In conclusion , personally , despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sitting in your house and watching them .
Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
Imagine you could program your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
In Sweden , gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that has made a game called BF , or Battle Field .
I do not regret what I did , because I am doing what I like .
You can swim all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
Moreover , when you sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the cinema .
They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
Imagine that you have just run 100 sprints and a giant bear starts chasing you .
You just have to deal with the game .
Last year I was working every Friday and Sunday at a ski camp in la Masella .
That woman knows how to put a smile on a kid 's face .
It is the most European city in Spain .
To cope with the problems of overpopulation and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
At the moment , I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
·Introduction
When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
How difficult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
I will start level B2 on the next course .
Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
Was she at school with us ?
My mother is a perfect case study for me because she can not use the transportation system in Paris or New York without getting lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , anyone who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results might be lower than their expectations .
In the end , he manages to meet the traveller and find out where the shot is .
First of all , Television has less viewers nowadays .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages to television .
Raising the academic performance of Students
Fifty minutes passed , and my body was no longer sore .
On the other hand , public transport is the only resource some people have to get around , and more than excellent for the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
Then she took the phone and ran out the café .
The only problem is finding a parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find a space to park a car .
I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .
So why bother loving someone who will never return that love ?
On Sunday , the bus does n't work until 3 p.m.
Fame and the attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
No one will help each other .
After all , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that the silent genre has conquered me .
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
After a few exciting hours of the party she said thank you to her friends and boyfriend and promised she would never forget what they had done for her .
The design of the current cathedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Thank you very much for your time . I hope you 'll consider me for this position .
Last summer I decided to do something more than just relax and have fun , so I started to look for an interesting summer job .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy diet , and do physical activity .
In either case , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
Our working identities can change over time , our identity and behaviour as a young graduate are different from those of the professional expert and from those of the senior leader .
There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years . They have no choice apart from old buses to travel .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
Abortion is an immoral act that people perform as everyone has the chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide about anyone 's life .
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
The bill will be paid by us .
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking in the old city .
For example , I can cite the importance of the unwritten rules in my own culture , the Brazilian culture .
And follow famous people and their families all the time .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure time activities on holidays .
They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sports events , but they do n't go in for sports .
Finally , after much time travelling , Alice had this feeling .
Another key factor was the coach , who knew how to convey the skills and techniques to children .
I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but also because it 's a healthy way of living .
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
we haven't seen each other for a while , so you do n't know much about me lately .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to not be in traffic .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
He has very good knowledge of Spanish , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We took the local bus and we arrived at this place at ten .
Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
This means borders are getting thinner and thinner , and cultures more and more similar .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , Italian . I have actually been to Italy twice , to Rome and Florence and to a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
" That is impossible ! What would our friends say ?
I hope you will describe your impressions of the city after visiting it .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
The computer could do the same thing .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
Cities have been planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel all around the city .
I agree with the statement that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in the following text .
He 's a really nice guy . During the concert we had a few drinks , smoked some fags together .
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
She got up and looked around .
With knowledge and information , things become comprehensible but more complex .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with spring 's arrival than with religious rituals .
The recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technological improvements and innovations that will follow it , are going to revitalize the public transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with a cute animal figure in a small store and I really liked it after she showed me .
They left the house in a truck .
And I have just learnt how to play ice hockey .
After that Aurora does n't wake up .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
He was in a deep forest and a young woman he had just met was about to give birth to her child .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's the most beautiful Disney movie .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if any further information is required .
Dear Sir / Madam
To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronic , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lives dramatically .
I think that my college should provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and teaches you how you should speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
For me it was like having a new member of the family and he lived with me .
On the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying saucers .
My village has around 700 residents .
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a rounded character .
Before I want to pay for something , I always think carefully about whether it 's really necessary or not .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
If you are coming , let me know if you like meat ?
If you want to try it ,
I have just read that you need reviews of soap operas .
And the topic I like the most ?
Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for the bedroom and what other " special effects " would you recommend ?
It is possible to find many examples which confirm that argument .
When I went there last , it was on my birthday and I went there with my family .
In a world of increasing environmental awareness , improved public transport represents the way of the future .
It is all our plan .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
I do n't want to lose weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
I usually work in the kitchens , so it does not bother me .
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have free time I sit on it and read a book .
Well , I think you should n't give up either .
Seeing her that close makes him realise that she 's not ugly .
I believe I am suitable for the job as I am very enthusiastic and energetic .
The advertisement is about 16 seconds long .
Her plan was so clever and deceptive as to escape detection until the last card had been played .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that affected contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
It 's obvious that life nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I hope giving equal priority to both public and private transportation makes us healthy .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Also , I 'm a good cook ; at one school I taught at , we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
I 'm glad I ' ve finally heard from you after all this time .
The diagrams illustrate the process of producing bank notes .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to getting to know people .
We decided to go skating on the next weekend at the park , which has a wide path by the sea .
I 'll eat better . I'll walk more . I'll do good things and speak more with my friends .
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
Dear Director ,
Although it has some benefits , in most parts of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not developed enough .
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convenient .
Both good and bad .
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore , as I have my friend , which is my cat .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme from the government , such that if they cut the of every house by 50% , city halls will get more money from central government .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
Is it best for the pollution and the environment ?
He is very good at this sport .
In the second section , both the girls and the boys questioned claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
I heard that the children who attend your camps are from all over the world .
See you soon .
Hope you wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
I like running , riding my bike , playing football , skiing in winter , climbing , etc .
That is a small start , but it will eventually reap a huge outcome .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
applicants from Russia .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
Thank you for your letter .
The diagram shows a compact structure and the simplicity of the machine ; it has three main sections : the feed section , the combustion chamber and the blower ( i.e .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out of this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
Moreover , working as a team for research , allows researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
He set up the plan and he carried it out .
Mean - End Chain is being used , as Trivago is not only to help customers search for a hotel room , but also to achieve personal value for customers , which is more valuable than the money the customer saved on booking a hotel room .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
See you soon .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
Also , in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Montés helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
It was a great time .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am a suitable person because I have been working with children for quite a long time .
3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong places .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
In addition , I recently passed my First Aid Course , which is quite useful for me .
As to the students , we will have to consider the knowledge and skills they have acquired , their attitudes and their social behaviour .
At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him through interruption .
Nice to hear from you .
Nowadays , many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constructed .
If you need a reference about me , you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
Students do the test
Statistically speaking , car accidents are much more frequent than plane crashes or train accidents , so public transport is not only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and faster .
It 's six months since I started teaching gymnastics in a primary school near Milan and I discovered that children are more competitive and honest than adults and I appreciate this .
You will fall in love with them as they are pastel coloured .
Thus , by all means , today we have an easy accessibility to knowledge and we have a wide range of resources to locate and obtain endless information .
Then he decided that he would just go to the fishing shop and ask a shop assistant for help .
All the important buildings and monuments were cleaned and repainted .
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
Dear Linda ,
Last month I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
Hi Brother ,
I am going to look at my lessons again to see if I can change those lessons and try to make my pupils active .
It was empty ...
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
I was in charge of the ticket sales .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special - an ordinary picture .
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
Our plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel who has been living there for 3 years and to stay with him just the time we need until we can find a job and a place to spend three months because we must return in October .
Whole generations are brought up with this dish , yummy as it is .
I am very good at artistic things , such as , drawing , painting , cooking , dancing and a lot of other things .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but always go to the stadium with my dad . You feel indescribable emotions . And my father was to convey this passion .
Skills are also needed to get a job .
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall s view .
Introduction :
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
You might have a walk around after supper .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case , because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to a better future .
Finally , football involves relationships in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for virtues like justice , courage and honesty .
A true friendship forms itself on a foundation of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
The teacher asks if there are any problems
These are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Some people think that knowing facts is easier and more practical .
It is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
Music
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
I am a really sporty person and I think I might be the person who you are looking for because I 'm really capable and patient with children .
Your friend
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will want to repeat it !
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls , allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
In order to be culturally literate , you need to be familiar with all manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem and 1066 .
After the action , he can go to a time in the past .
At present , I am working for Cafe Noir , a well - known restaurant popular with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would not go into restaurants and , instead , they would meet friends at home .
I choose option A : I think it is a good idea for children to travel on public transport .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
My favorite activities would be painting , and making up fun games .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the sea .
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax from all the stress of the week .
Every day we spent time on the beach and in the sea .
You may ask why that is .
The most important thing is that you can learn a valuable lesson from failure .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy it , they even might order fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
Thus , the investment in research into the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aim of which would be to improve sports performance and improve quality of life .
As a result , I found two Ss opening their booklets and reading the original text to copy the sentences .
There was no one else to blame but him .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make friends easily .
To start with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
Maria
You must n't play alone , but you must play with a team .
The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products on the market .
He was strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porter ?
But that was until he met Celine .
It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
But I also have other tasks .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on tap and you will not be disappointed !
But , whatever . I went .
However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I can finally just say that Jose is the most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
She was outside the church when a friend of hers called to tell her the news about the accident .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
So , public transport plays an important role in our daily life . It has indispensable effects on society .
Our mind is always full of thoughts .
The future of public transport is fading away . You might ask why .
If Peter had not run , perhaps Jon would have died .
Does it help us grow and improve our knowledge ?
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
It was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
My favourite sport
Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving our English before learning another one .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enhanced by earning a degree at your university .
All people should use public transport to reduce the number of cars on the road
If any one you would like to start practicing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
The biggest benefit of hiking is that you can enjoy fantastic views from the summit of mountains .
You should calm down and get away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
Despite it being very dark , we could see something moving on the sand .
In conclusion , working and studying is very much possible .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing . But I was happy too .
I have experience of going to the hospital and it was very interesting .
Thank you so much for your consideration ; I look forward to hearing from you .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
Secondly , it has helped me to improve my health in several ways .
Also , they make us cleverer .
Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new places just next to your home .
In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful countries raise environmental problems as the most concerning problem in their internal policies .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Without doubt , having our own car provides us with great convenience .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there was two hours ahead .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure you that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
Let 's start by watching a video .
The bell rang and all the students left the class .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
He is going to go to university next year .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects on our personalities .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
There you can find almost everything you want .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport , such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearance of poo .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and animal extinction .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth , because frozen shoulder occurs in people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
And there was a wonderful view .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
In addition , in many developing countries , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
I am here today to deliver a speech to you about boycotting bullying .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for communicating .
Winter sports :
They are a great influence on younger people .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is much more convenient because it takes much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight " .
This will enrich your personality .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
So , as the end of term is getting closer and closer , many students are becoming stressed out and it is certainly not different for me .
Our commitments cause us to forget ourselves and our health .
I am a true believer in walking .
It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Most of the biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier for you to find an internship .
When I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
However , possibilities to make young people healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
Anne was very surprised and happy .
Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
is n't good for students .
At that moment we started to run , except Michael .
For example , snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which makes them aware of the mistakes they are making .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
Hope you enjoyed your reading . I think this is what you maybe want to know about me !
So some counties do not force people to join the military .
Here is a picture from last summer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
It 's a waste of time and other resources .
The second , in the centre of the stand , was a column made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving natural resources like petrol .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
The reason for applying is that I believe I would be a perfect candidate as I have plenty of experience in the food industry as well as being extremely interested in working for this well - known company .
That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't northern Italy .
So , could you tell me which is the best way to reach your house ?
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
It is the most important matter , because most of us are not able to buy highly educational books .
Who tries to make us happy ?
The river Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
But a disadvantage is that car maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
I did not care about time . I used to say , this is my life and my time .
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year . It was truly amazing .
Would we live better without technology ?
Many wars start because people do n't know or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the establishment .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you when finding a new job here .
However , she took half of the money because of her brother .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
Then they are always screaming and yelling like wild goats .
In conclusion , you will save time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
We can make dynamic classes by being in contact with other schools . In the case of subjects such as English and French , students would improve their skills by being in contact with students from different countries .
Hi ,
When it comes to the issue of whether pets can be like our family .
It was not an easy task to find new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
What I especially loved about my job there , was the opportunity to work with such a diverse group of people .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
To sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time playing and enjoying their childhood .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
The influence of grown - ups : great or not so great ?
I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
The second reason is that soccer involves all players participating in the game .
Currently I am working for a as an editor .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
I was very happy and , of course , I agreed .
My name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
By taking MTR , one can save all the hassles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
In my opinion , our lives will undergo a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
Clothes
On Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte - Croix Animal Park .
Both of their lives .
He was really moody and he could go from extreme happiness to the most absolute sadness in a few seconds .
As you can see in the attached CV , I have experience working with children of different ages .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are adding new benefits to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
we may be late getting to our office / work place .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
Not sleeping enough is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
It 's a real issue for the government to understand that if the process of banning smokers starts , the income rate will immediately decrease .
I 'm relieved .
Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
My favourite dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
No matter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
I really think that we should speak English .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
It gives you the possibility of working as an au pair .
A good leader must form a society , set an example and provide better values for people .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
However , I decided to say yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
Thanks for writing !
But I saw an unknown phone number on the display and felt a little bit nervous .
My father also uses this road .
Now , the toughest questions . I 've got no idea what to do with the ceiling .
You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
His works are known all over the world .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different backgrounds and with diverse needs .
About my town in the future .
With reference to the recent advertisement about ' USA CAMP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position in the camp .
Dear sir ,
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others , so go and see that movie .
The difficulty of learning something .
He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to other students .
There are n't any animals on the farm .
Charlotte Brontë uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
Moreover , you should think about comfort during the trip .
from : Candela Bergamaschi
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
Some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right .
San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Write to me soon , please .
They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , a garage and a tennis court .
First of all , thanks to the internet , you can meet or talk to people even if they are not by your site .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
Jake could only move around by using the few expensive taxis available .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
It 's what we call the Mediterranean diet .
I 'm planning to work there for the next summer too .
I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara , which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention to what she had said to me .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
I have seen your advertisement for the job at the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , the colour printed on both sides , special ink is used and images are slightly raised .
So , what time will you finish school ?
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
It is so much more convenient .
But in spite of this , sometimes journalists can be too insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
Of course , I think that we should n't watch too much television .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that decision back then , so with the agreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - year .
Everybody visiting this country would like to see the most important sights , and I might be helpful there .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
This is the only way to maintain our mental health and not to fall into depression .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
I hope you love them too !
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
Most people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
Chen Ki Tsou
You 're such a cute little girl .
I like the people who serve there and the decoration is pretty .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .
The company had to send me another telephone . That telephone turned out to be faulty too .
We regularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the countryside together , and occasionally go on family holidays overseas .
I like cars , and I like high speed , that is why I love Formula 1 races .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a larger than normal size because it is much bigger than the usual food .
Some passengers were hurt and weak .
I love Grey 's Anatomy . This is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show is beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .
I 'm so glad you are coming to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
In addition , when you travel in your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
But the most vital part for these changes is you .
The kenn running expenses will compensate for the purchase price in the future .
It all depends on the preference of the individuals .
My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
I chose this story because even though this story was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme is still current today .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
When I asked him to take me someplace , I can not count how many times I stayed at home because I was late .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and increased an entertainer 's salary .
So it is normal that computers have bad effects on us and the environment .
Sometimes it 's so difficult to say the same words for the students . I recommend reading different ideas .
Poland is an amazing and interesting country .
This changed his life forever .
I hold a Master 's degree in Environmental Biology and , previously , I have had the opportunity to work on international research projects that would provide me with the skills sets I need to be an effective fit in your laboratory .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
Well , that 's all for now . I hope to hear from you soon .
We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family has one .
" She pointed at a man who was making a deal with another man .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert is chocolate cake with cheese .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
However , lay people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in the number of viewers and the number of players .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as microwaves , remote contols for TV , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
I wo n't lose , not this time .
Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and exercise at the same time .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how much more affordable public transport is , albeit less than before .
They also publish their conversations on the internet .
Underground fights are far more dangerous , since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
My father
As usual , they were talking about illegal things .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
Yours sincerely ,
Peter had already called an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that they could n't find them .
I think that the best way to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspects : " the best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did n't exist . "
The director wanted to make the story as realistic as possible .
At the same time , we need more cars for more people . That 's the cause of more traffic .
I could n't be more excited about being in the UK for six months !
The television is one of the most important media .
Car travel makes people feel free during the journey .
Now I will further develop our last statement .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , young people follow special diets in order to have a better body shape or a healthy life .
The third one is movement and coordination between different parts of the body ; eyes , hands and legs .
When women spend hours in the shops , men must go with them .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other meals .
The World Cup is happening now in my country , Brazil .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
Regarding my experience , on the one hand , I belong to a soccer club at university . Consequently , I have some experience working in a team .
He has enemies who want to kill him .
Eating according to a schedule is a very important tip you should take into consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
I am studying on the Literature and Language bachelor programme .
The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is a point that I have never considered before in a design process .
You can save time and go anywhere more quickly by public transport .
Today in big cities , public transport is necessary for tourists , students , children and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
As you can see , my friend missed the opportunity because he did n't like what he was asked to do .
In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
It 's the most popular sport in the world .
I can start by saying something about the advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities and games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure food production in a period of drought .
Then , they will gather all the rubbish in one place and burn or bury it .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story .
Sometimes it is better to travel by bus because of thorny road .
We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need to protect the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
But we must not forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as the mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Carter ( as the red queen ) , without them the film would n't be the same .
From a logistical perspective , public transportation should be convenient for commuters .
Some do not like , it but it is a personal business .
Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
in a one - on - one role .
I ca n't wait to see you .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed up as a clown to entertain others .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
When we got to the resort , we all checked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room with my friend Emily .
For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they were .
A few weeks later , Jake had to travel to the South of Italy to follow the case of immigrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Middle - East .
They discuss with them many life events .
We had won three free plane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we had been looking forward to our trip for months .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
The museum and the art gallery are located in the capital city .
I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
A few years ago , I also had the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and young people in a rural area of Ghana .
Puerto Marina is visited more than the city center , even though in the city center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
Thanh .
- No , I just want to know your opinion as an expert .
Adolescence has always been the hardest part in anybody 's whole life .
They caught him and
The surroundings are dedicated to fashion : you can find the most important shops for which Milan is known throughout the world .
First of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shopping when you are forced to do it .
On April 2014 he was unable to give a performance .
I like riding my bicycle in the streets .
Working abroad can offer you a good opportunity . Maybe it would never happen in your own country instead .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see perfection .
Unfortunately , Max was not as excited as his family ; he had never really been into animals .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment , but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
The first was in a bar owned by my uncle , and the second , in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
Do n't set a goal that you ca n't achieve , or you will lose your confidence soon .
I did n't have a long holiday . It was just for 3 days , but those 3 days were the best in my life .
Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
Probably , if you hear about heroic attitudes you will be able to do , without doubt , something magnificent as well .
" You deserve them , Tom ! You worked hard all the time this year "
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
I believe that public transport does n't have a future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on the Internet .
I really enjoy it because it gives me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be toned and satisfied with myself .
Moreover , I was fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which each member shares the same goals and values .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , like love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
But at that moment , it ended .
It was the best concert of my life .
Book Review :
She became really popular in school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
Do not forget to greet me when we meet on the road .
They are called :
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
Dear Paul ,
I was very worried and nervous .
However , when I was young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry social significance .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
My mother said that it would be rude to go out at that time .
Best regards
Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
Duped , so to speak , into this unlikely event ; a date night .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the safest and often the cheapest way to travel .
It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
One of the things she knew about him was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surprise him too .
But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .
Do you want to be a doctor ? Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
All the best .
I think it 'll be a perfect place where you can spend some free time .
Was it as good as mine ?
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
As we know , this type of event ca n't take place without food .
However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn abilities .
The white Mt .
I was responsible for selling the movie tickets and having a good time .
it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
Everything has been easy for him , he is used to getting what he wants .
Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you jump , run , kick .
On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
Second , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time , you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
It 's hard to put myself in their shoes .
So , there he meets the gorgeous eldest sister of Marcus and he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between appears in the story .
I have a great deal of experience working mainly with people between the ages of 18 and 30 years old .
I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
A reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations has led to our camp not being possible this year .
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own seat and in the winter your car is hot and you can also listen to the radio .
It was in school , when we were only three years old !
Do n't forget that you 're always welcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
It is also quite safe , so you do n't have to worry about accidents .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help save the environment .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
It is necessary for your health , but what about if you go running in the mornings ?
But the public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
Sharing different water resources with neighbouring countries can be another strategy which can help to alleviate the problem of water scarcity .
To sum up , let people be aware of the drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
The other day I found a webpage about Paris .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
I am writing to you because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
My favorite international league is the English premier league .
He is always with me even in the worst moment .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
Not car , though it 's convenient .
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in the high - jump .
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
Dear Peter ,
But have you ever gone to the shop just for milk and bread and come back with a full bag of goods but no bread ?
Dear Yasser ,
In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of our malls , where you can find at your disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Now I want to tell you about my summer job at a local cinema .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
I am proud of my country !
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I realise walking is not considered a sport by everyone .
We used to enjoy dancing and singing .
This is because there is a huge level of water use in people 's daily lives , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
As in all educational processes , assessment of the programme planning must take place .
He did n't care .
CLAIM
It was a part of the borough of Castellan .
I am speaking about the mobile phone and how it changed our life .
My name is Tove .
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
This action would decrease the amount of gas emitted into the environment .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
He started feeling nervous and dizzy because he knew it was something extremely important .
Similarly , people in countries with a lower income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
He asked him if he could work with him and said that he knew something that could help his device to succeed .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want . So what was happening .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
There will not be any poor people in the streets .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those cars produce a lot of fumes and the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the natural world will disappear .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides a service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
That 's where it took me .
We can also watch a documentary that teaches us a lot !
To most students , the weekend is essential for them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
So , I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
They were all tortured viciously before death .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
Finally , I would like to express my willingness to work for you as this would be such a great experience for me .
Only through this cultural education combined with other ways , could they keep their government generation by generation as they expected .
REPORT ON THE COURSE " Good design using DTP "
Once damaged sheets are discovered , they individually separate them into good and bad ones and then burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes to the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
Granada can be considered a clean city in regard to rubbish treatment .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
I play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
The last decades there has been a massive change in our lives . This is caused by the development of the internet .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are visited by the local people daily .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
I looked back and I noticed that the earth was strange .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
Now he has founded his own company .
Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involved in some trouble in school and began to investigate him .
Do we have to buy a special new machine ?
Reading opens new horizons , makes you imagine .
Another reason for using their own car is that it provides easy access in a second .
The engineers needed help to construct the building . They called a professional to see what was wrong .
Just come and give it a try !
There are n't many guidebooks about my city so I will recommend you a place worth seeing .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
Did people have the same opinion that there was no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I cycle twice a week .
They think their life is so boring and also very mad .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
It has a unique modern - rustic interior design suitable for any occasion , be it a birthday party , family gathering or even a date with your loved one .
The driving instructor picked me up at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and the k - turn .
This made everything seem less cluttered and more manageable .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World Cup in 2014 .
I 'm so excited !
There is a package that includes the starter , the main course and the desert .
Maybe you can give some general information about your last job .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
In September I am going to Madrid to study a master 's in
Namely , parents always do things for children , such as housework , homework , even taking care of the pets for their children .
It not only entertains , but also educates .
It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts on different aspects of daily life .
The rugged kerbs could cause the suspension to crack .
He was wet , cold , starving , and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
I like food , especially Italian food . It is my favorite food to eat .
kisses ,
Together they went back home and spent the rest of the day together .
Many thanks for your letter and your acceptance of my invitation .
Nowadays , our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
For instance , when we travel on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
Introduction :
Benefits for the college
And the people are very nice .
This makes us curious to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
Dancing is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
If you get the internship , you can work as a real businessman .
You gave me fantastic news saying you are coming next year !
Reading things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
They have to reduce their budget
It is still a mystery to me how so many people managed to find their way inside , but when we were in the concert hall at last , hundreds were there already and people were obviously laughing about the fact that the main entrance had magically disappeared .
I am a passionate reader , in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
Although shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time - consuming and tiresome job .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
Decorating with phrasal verbs
badminton is .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greed .
I felt like I messed up , but the next day I got a call that I got the role .
All the members of my family never gave up on me , and I finished my college studies , too . I have a good job now .
You can play with your friends or in a team , or even alone , but this option is the most boring .
In contrast , it could be a benefit that improves their mental maturity .
I had to look after two little boys aged seven and nine years old .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on the eagle with the camera , he fell .
Oh , I had to finish something for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
The first is , the government could create a new plan of construction for trains .
I was part of the team .
She looked at her and was instantly reminded .
Hello , how are you ?
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Therefore , education should be accessible for everyone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
I suggest changing the old buses for new buses and putting security cameras on the buses .
That is why I mention that my father never got toys when he was a child .
She also has a pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Shopping guide for tourists .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing the double role of legal consultant and sub - manager when I was only 22 years old .
People seem to be distracted from their real life .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are used and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
There are many good reasons to say that .
Fuji .
Academic culture is a challenge for many students for effective learning .
For example , In Northern Sudan , people have been using the " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Also , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
He was quite small , about seven years old and he was beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students , although only some of them are naughty .
Public transport can take us only to certain locations .
And now I run 4 miles a day .
They have many different cakes : profiterols , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
About working , I think you have a great chance to find an opportunity to work in one of many multinational companies we have in Brazil .
Even travelling by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
We left our city on Monday , and we arrived in Carlos Paz on Thursday .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
In particular , I was the youngest member of the family , and I caused much more trouble when I was young .
I think .
Michael had just woken up . He felt a little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
My friend went there . She talked to me about it so much .
So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice weeping .
Similarly , people have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
Traditionally , we provide a fire as a means of light at night for the sport .
It should be a strait line through your toes , knees and shoulders .
Also , I am thinking of studying with you for 2 months but we can talk more about this later .
The 26th of March 2015
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
It was a sunny day in Turin .
The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
Cricket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's possible , I find a way to start the game .
He realized what that means .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running the Internet .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences national reputation .
The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long - distance commutes for daily work .
Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
So many twists and turns . She played her cards well . I never suspected , while sitting in the pews next to my wife , that , when she leaned forward with a pained expression on her face , the evening would end at D'el Arte .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are made with plastic .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
It would be a long - lasting benefit for both parties .
But they insist him .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to famous people .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
If this is so , they should also work better .
I think this period when we start to write is magical , because we can access an entire new communication world .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Television can certainly educate , it has great potential for doing so , because of the way it presents information and the range of people it can reach .
The ecological problems have been very bad for the last few years .
It is a beautiful place to go in your free time and get to know it .
My name is Alejandro Martín . I 'm 30 years old . I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and , why not , The Black Sea ?
However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
Grammar is the most difficult part of learning English .
They are very helpful .
Let 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
When the public suffers from natural disasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might face a multicultural society .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed as soon as possible .
You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen in a movie .
Moreover , it is easier for parents .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interior , where everything is in its place .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rising , so using public transport is an economical way to travel .
As was said before , the brief time of observation does not allow us to obtain that much information about how CLIL is really implemented in a particular educational context . Even so , the data collected and the following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtaining an interesting picture of how Arts and Crafts is considered and carried out under the CLIL umbrella .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Hi Chi Tình ,
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
When they got to the location , the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
I would recommend Huang Ji Huang to host our farewell dinner .
This country has many interesting places to visit . If you want to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
In my opinion , holidays are essentially about being comfortable , staying in your element and simply enjoying your time off and not about creating uncomfortable situations if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
I went to the gas station late today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
First of all , let me tell you the advantages .
The first solution is to change the portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterile seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
You can use this website if you are a tourist or just someone who wants to enjoy a dinner in your own city .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
When I was in secondary school and my friends were dreaming of being doctors or dentists , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
Jorge .
I 'm only fifteen years old , but I think I have a heavy past .
They feel your fear .
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Yours faithfully ,
When I approached them , they said they could n't remember the exact words that were dictated .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your veins .
So , yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes , but if you prefer to do sports , I will support you also .
He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies , since he does not like movies .
-"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "
Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
They are courteous and industrious .
No one is happier than me .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelect .
The message was posted on the website .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends , which were full of darkness , torture and violence .
Story
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to attend several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it could come true .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
To sum up , there are many issues that affect people 's lives and we do not know how they will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now there will be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
Since graduation , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
Pompei - the destroyed city
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or the underground .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and is now developing very fast .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
( have to have words to go owling but you have to have hope to see an owl .
He tried to switch it on again and again , but the machine did n't work .
All subjects are less flexible and all students learn the same programs at the same time .
Besides this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth .
Get onto the bus .
I search for any clues and I found something . It was a piece of paper with an address on it .
Secondly , in Malaga there are strict and hard rules for factories .
Thomas was one of those guys that every gal wished to be around .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
I have not moved since then .
What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
How are you ?
That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
Everyone knows that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
Surprised , he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
For others , it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
First , what are the advantages of using the bus or train ?
Then you should take a decision about choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers , and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and the following are my reasons .
First , I can travel in my own car whenever and wherever I want .
The line separating you from the people you work with .
By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in contact with nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of their strength , age and so on .
Eat food .
She knew herself that Michael was just playing with her and she said to herself that she would never fall into his trap .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
But it was okay .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
I like photography too , although I haven't been doing that for a long time .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , and some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are being implemented .
I assure you that there should be high - quality and varied products there satisfying your needs .
I hope my application will be taken into consideration .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .
He emphasizes that free trade between powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossible .
In conclusion , as a great teacher said , we have 21st century students learning with 20th century tools 19th century knowledge .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
Who learns languages in my country ?
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
Therefore , genetic engineering is important for humanity and the future .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
Firstly , public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
The doorbell ran .
Never give up
Suddenly , a man in black told us that we should plug the machine into the electricity .
but these things are not important if there is not a comfortable atmosphere .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
our future generations .
Curiously , the Club is closed on Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can help out other people .
As soon as I have sat all my exams , I will travel .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your life ?
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
They sometimes have to help their friends or even their parents with difficult things like psychological problems , give them tips .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for himself , and famous people do too .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in the biggest cities whereas it has gone down in villages .
Kind regards ,
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks are also used as playgrounds for children .
Max , for some reason , stroked him and the lion smiled .
Isabel
Then , I would make the next recommendation .
Another reason I am applying for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
As I mentioned before , both the acting and the storyline are really impressive .
I would be able to spend three months on an intensive course in the spring .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
The technological devices help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
Bye ,
Instead of that , you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
" What about him ?
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance . I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
It also includes a huge car park , so you can park your own car for free .
People enjoy listening to the original audio , which entails realism and naturalness .
But believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
Some of them I saw when I was a young girl .
Bye , Sofia
As you might think , he is a very straight person who knows what he wants .
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of it being quite small .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage tourists to visit the shops .
Dear Paul !
But not now .
The reason why walking is the best sport on the face of the Earth
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
It 's a huge , breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
I hope to see it around the world . Public transport is something we can not do without or replace with another thing .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
In conclusion , members of your family play an important role in your life !
I was waiting for your email .
In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
In addition , public institutions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awareness .
The play lover King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
The first place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
Nowadays , most schools and universities help students to find their most suitable jobs .
Coming back to our everyday life .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
The processes that appear more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch the bus , for example .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she would remember it all her life .
As mentioned earlier , experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
For example , sharing knowledge and experiences means that everybody can do or apply things and develop faster .
Dear Hadeel ,
In the future , everything could change .
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
My favourite sport is football . I love it .
However , I have no experience of working with children , apart from helping my parents with my brothers and sister .
My name is Elvira Vergara and I am applying for the job in the summer camp in your advertisement .
You can also travel with your pet .
- There are cleaning campaigns twice a year .
Selena López
On the contrary , we need more public transport to improve our traffic system and find a better way to protect the environment .
The rest of the respondents gave positive feedback .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to his / her parents .
If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
I never stopped praying throughout , in the hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
How did we become the person we are ?
Moreover , some employers select the potential employee from colleges while they are studying and pay for their Masters or Advanced Diplomas because they see their profit in that investment .
All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
I would describe myself as a good listener and a fluent speaker with a strong ability to control discussion .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
The restaurant looks very elegant and traditional .
But the most memorable thing was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
A lot of people are not fit nowadays .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
There is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
What 's more , the plot is easy to understand .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a taxi is fast and secure .
And each time it happened , Cecilia burst into tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
But one of these sports comes to the top of my thoughts more often : running .
As someone who hasn't sung classical before and has no background in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concert after only four months of training .
The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
One of the foundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method , created by Georges Hébert .
Therefore , the municipality put in place regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
The Alhambra
Hello , I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoys nature , travelling around the world , and having a lot of friends .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources could harm their writing skills .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did when I was small . I like high speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
When the home is empty , teenagers feel free to spend all the time lying on the couch , playing video games or watching awful programmes on TV .
I feel that this can be attributed , in the first instance , to the changing nature of modern societies .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Dear friend ,
Should I show him my love again ?
He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
It was my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program , and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone who is alone abroad .
Actually , it is time saving because everyone eventually does what he wants without wasting time pushing other people .
My favorite sport is basketball .
It 's saves time .
It is very beautiful and there are many interesting things to see in this castle .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
So , now I have to go back to work .
First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
On the other hand , if you are a professional or an amateur chef , you 'll earn extra money .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
To my mind , there is a promising future for public transport .
I am writing to you because I am interested in the job at the summer camps .
However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevented pollution , which is good for the public .
It 's a very simple and wonderful sport .
I believe myself to be a proficient cook , as I 've always cooked for my family at the weekends .
Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
Every month I buy my pass to use on the bus .
A house for them to live in !
Only our own vehicle can provide us with an opportunity to find a quiet and pleasant place outside the city .
It had to be about a fortnight ago , before he went to Sochi for a business meeting .
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litter away wherever we are .
It is another way of admiring girls .
Consequently , there are buses which run at short intervals on various routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
That does not mean you will never find one .
People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
She finally felt that she was wanted , that she could do anything she wanted , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
Now I 'm a business analyst .
Definitely worth pointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
I really like spending time on the beach , but there is a lot of time , so we could go to the swimming pool if your parents say yes .
On the other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kept these very same populations from social and human rights progress .
I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my opinion .
Wait for me , please ' , it said .
I 'm looking forward to a reply from you .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
Hence , contrary to many people 's perceptions , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our children 's future .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse off .
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to measure things .
The main advantage of learning on the Internet is saving time .
Hope to see you soon
But most young people are not interested in this type of music .
I ca n't wait to hear from you .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splendid actresses , why would you miss it ?
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about television channels , but we make up immediately .
Many believe that the portrait is that of DaVinci himself , while many also see a lot mystical connections in this painting .
This has a tremendous impact on other aspects of life .
The theorists assert that the organisation is part religious and part political ; it rules over the international media , thereby being omnipotent .
I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
Simply , come and watch .
Nowadays , higher education is becoming more and more necessary for starting a good career .
Tell me . I 'm curious .
She is in her 30s .
I do n't know where the stress of words is .
Have you ever stopped to think that some standards exist in society that everyone knows and follows although some people do it unconsciously ?
I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I find it embarrassing .
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase a car .
Thanks a lot
He was very handsome and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
His death shocked the nation .
I 'm very happy to hear your news !
She was so scared .
This is another big reason to care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
Although , I have been struck by its major attractions , such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , it is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
The young couple continued forward until they reached him .
It is our fault because we have let the companies profit from our own sins .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you would let me know as soon as possible .
Alessandro Costa .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25-metre - long heated pool .
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
because I love using this word .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
We need to be careful .
I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
What did you learn about debates ?
The main reason for this is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
In this adaptation , the screenwriter makes some substantial alterations to the novel .
In addition , driving by yourself you are not limited by the stations you have to visit .
It was impressive to see the strength shown by those children .
In that place , we worked as part of an incredible team that organised different activities each weekend .
They are more than willing to reply to your questions .
" Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed . "
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
It chases ants and flies .
They are , definitely , my best friends .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
Life is becoming bigger and bigger .
All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there .
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
In addition , we made our own skate rails , and we used some help from my friend 's brother , who is in fact an Engineer .
You can choose lots of places to play .
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
Both are very important to my emotional stability .
It was done very naturally in their lives .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
more places to visit in Italy .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving by yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that this sport gives you .
The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
If I told you to choose between travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
Today , not many amphitheaters are standing .
It started a few years ago when I was a little overweight .
Some may say that we will not need public transport anymore in the future .
The new teaching approach is based on how students can effectively use the language , rather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
Without travelling , people would be very bored , life would be very monotonous .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
However , there is a great debate about whether this is really a good solution .
Sometimes , my family and my friends give me books as gifts .
Medicine should have beaten a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
Nowadays , basketball is spreading around the world .
At that moment , he knew his decision was going to affect his whole life .
It is said that the main objective of television is to entertain people and make their free time happier .
Firstly , knowing what is a priority is essential for achieving success .
It will be a new kind of public transport .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
The job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
Help them and enjoy your journey .
The equipment is very important too .
In that case , there would be huge chaos .
The main concern is related to petty crime , especially pickpocketing .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
I think nature will get the most important benefits if everybody takes care of his own space in the best way .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to stand in long queues at metro or bus stations .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
You always do something wrong .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
An innocent dare made by Sara , which led Michael to walk in the path of wrong .
They will have three eyes , antennae on their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
It 's brutal and I 'm always worried about you .
I was lucky to remember the word search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I often buy second - hand , old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have superpowers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat : its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books .
It was a great idea !
It usually sold most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slid to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
I recommend to the clubs , be warned .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
Eventually , the huge challenge I have had has turned into my inspiration to do better in my job .
Celeste Arenas
But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concerns of the earth .
People 's way of life has become more and more stressful .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging , but a little bit slower .
Additionally , a politician from Philadelphia , USA was elected after taking advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaign .
I have no idea after this sentence .
That 's why you must see it !
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
Military service mainly improves physical fitness , but education might be completed better in school at that age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
- Sure . Thank you for your advice .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
Now , in relation to the job tasks I would have to perform , I feel totally capable of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
Consequently , I have seen the need to attend to their needs .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and a rise in the average sea level .
Yours faithfully
Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
I know how to look after kids . I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
We are going to travel to France this holiday .
First thing I do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
Try to eat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit , and you 'll feel better .
So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
Why not ? Firstly , what 's education for you ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating the conditions to make your thinking grow .
Since GM crop technology started to be implemented it has implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
Apart from my studies , last year I went to a camp for my degree course where I was helping in the reception for the new students of the course .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
A car is being made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it is more
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 , I feel incompetent .
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
That is to say , the invention of the internet made it available to everyone in the world .
Clare ,
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
I hope you are all doing well .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion creates magic .
No wonder we say that sport is so important .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish of large dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
For this , we will analyse several aspects , such as what local residents do with rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the practice I had really paid off .
They do n't know which university and field of study to choose .
What are the effects ?
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
Despite this , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance , as well as graphics and logs .
Benefit for all ages
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
This is one step .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
I am writing to complain about the suggested ban on smoking in public areas .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in the near future , just not in this precise week .
Twenty years ago , I started playing football .
And this is the " Mandy moment " .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
I went to bed and fell asleep .
But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air purifiers , irons , etc .
I do not swim in competitions , but almost since I was 3 years old ,
I usually go to the seaside on Sunday morning .
He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .
My nightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
The fans shout , they even cry together .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
Because school teachers never encouraged me to participate .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
He loved her for her fame .
I believe my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fit in well with the interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
systems .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
We can see from the diagram , the highest peak in the graph has increased year by year , as the low as .
Since the units were sold in the inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
Now we all live together .
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
I rushed to his house , not believing what I had just been told .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .
Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
The most important step is inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
Maybe there will be some partially damaged sheets , so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
Love
However , I would like to review another option , such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
We are really happy to inform you that we are going to organize some events in the next three months and we would like to invite you as a public figure to discuss more details about the campaign .
The example of cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
Yesterday , I saw a nice present for her in the new mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
And you enjoy yourself with your mates and experience all those special moments with them .
The strengths that I could bring to this position are excellent written communication skills and a keen eye for detail .
Also , we have recycling bins for paper and glass .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , taking only two hours .
Because war destroys mankind and countries .
In my town , cars do n't pollute .
My favourite restaurant is in Modugno .
As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef for the last two years assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Thanks for your e - mail .
After returning home , Michael flashed back to what he did on the bus .
Thank you for your time !
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered species in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
In conclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be able to improve your life .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
If you have to take a train , you have to reach the train station by walking , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
Mireia
While these approaches are likely to solve the problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortage in the long term .
Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
And I really think the US should stop picking on China .
First , I want to attend an English university abroad .
He saved 220 people and among them he met the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I attended training sessions and workshops to learn about the skills to be a good facilitator before the start of the academic year .
What a surprise !
I have to try my best to take care of all students and to ensure that the contents are accessible for them .
All the students were interested in the information and they asked for a lot of explanations .
I like swimming a lot .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you and I thank you for your attention .
Yours faithfully
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
In 1995 , the French came to notice that their language was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
Send me some tourist information if you have some .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of getting an internship at your company .
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
Particularly , in the south of the country .
Will they fly in the sky ?
I can speak three languages .
It was the start of what our now President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
Although not many young people like spending their free time watching TV , I believe that some patterns of preference can still be recognized .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
Dear Paul ,
A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
The waitresses and waiters are very friendly and funny .
Everybody deserves freedom , despite their crimes .
On the one hand , I think it is important to look good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choice to feel happy and comfortable .
Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in the international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
Besides that , I would love to travel to other European countries .
If you would like to ask anything or get to know more information about some place , just let me know .
Beyond my coursework , I have taken an active role in international volunteer activities for three years , in the last of which I coordinated projects from beginning to end .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
In his mind , the only reason he was there was just to see the girl he had a crush on and to meet some of her church friends .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
Real friendships that are ever - lasting like what I actually made with my two best friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
For example , we can become addicted to our television .
If you have a small child , you can visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
If you can go with me , just let me know .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
It opens only in the summertime , mainly for tourists .
It 's a good idea to improve my English writing .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other people .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
The fact of using a car to travel , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
Which is one of the weirdest things I have seen .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with unknown people , and this can lead to several issues including crimes .
After that , I go to English class 3 days a week .
He went to his lab and showed his partner the dead body .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden in the house .
The purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible short story D. B. wrote and that Holden liked so much .
Advertising is a form of communication that is used to influence and persuade consumers to buy products , services , ideas .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn some money .
He has lived in the shadow of his brother , the leader guitarist and one of the most important guitarists ever .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he would always obtain free food .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
It is important to gain awareness about different cultures due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
Moon .
When Aznar was president of the government before him , he was like a minister .
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizens ) have the right to know everything they do if we want .
I would like to explain my reasons .
Joe , I have the same memory as I had when I was a child , and I do n't remember Sophie .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
I think that the students will not forget what they have learned very soon .
Maybe you would n't mind helping me to find a job .
Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
I love to listen to him talking - I love his voice .
Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility of discovering new types of drugs .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in the film .
These meetings are organized according to their planned schedule and the results were surprising .
I agree with the statement above to some extent .
It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in their careers .
Suddenly , a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
When he finished talking , he looked at the young couple in front of him .
I can also do different activities with kids , for example , singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
This is the effect of a reduction in the cost of production ; lower production costs allow the producer to reduce the price of his goods while maintaining the initial profit .
Also , we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
Everything will work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month and so on .
Maybe we will invent flying cars or electric bikes .
Apart from that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
They can be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body , but only if you cooperate .
I think after eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yourself at work every day , although you do not have a big salary .
He always helps me by giving good advice .
I am an Arsenal fc fan .
Rubbish
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and separate the different spaces for walking and skateboarding .
There is a lot of stress associated with it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new language will revolve around a culture that is different from what you are used to .
I could not have been more excited about joining my friends .
This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public transport in our society .
I like shopping .
I do not know from where to start .
So they would not appreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on them .
See you soon ,
With concerted efforts , we have made great strides in environmental protection in recent years , as seen in the declining amount of waste and increasing amount of greenery .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
There are dancing squares and many romantic alleys . Also , there are toboggan runs .
Introduction
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
So , good luck .
I guess every child wants to investigate the world .
In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
Basketball can be played and enjoyed with as few as two people , even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
Not even in 50 years .
Seeing a Da Vinci portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
He had to study in a different country and they had not seen each other for months .
I have considered them my favorite band since 2010 , because I had the chance to get to meet them watching The X Factor episode where they auditioned .
My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies when I am in a bad mood .
Another way , you could use an agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to meet the cost of the service .
As stress and challenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nice cup of coffee on holidays rather than generating any level of discomfort .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
When the train came she smiled and got on and sat down .
Cancer , for instance , is surely one of the preferences for the companies that invest large amounts of money in R&D.
I can illustrate my words with the example of military campaigns .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you achieved it .
I am a qualified first aider and I am able to deal with any minor or major health problems that might arise .
It all begins when a daughter comes to visit her mother and her step - father .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
I heard a noise .
The owner , Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him in the restaurant talking to some guest .
It makes a father or mother 's life more convenient !
This experience taught me that it is better to participate in a class with open discussion because it provides you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
Another thing to consider is not having that open window to the world .
On the one hand , global warming is a result of many emitted toxic gases .
I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
Nevertheless , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and certain aspects of the holiday were chaotic .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
To do the same thing in the same place , people should do it in an organised manner .
His uncle 's birthday was hounding him because he did n't know what he should buy for him .
And unfortunately , this bad impact exists in almost all areas of life .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
There is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
My brother 's wife 's close relatives were also there .
Nathan Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
You must not push yourself too hard .
You can get an idea of the culture of the city from these paintings .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
Mine was badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was playing .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
The best place I have visited is my house in Spain .
Emma
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance had come from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is leaving .
He did n't find anyone , so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
There are two points to prove it .
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
Nowadays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Famous people haven't got private lives .
This connection allows them to see through each others ' eyes , and even control each others ' movements .
I hope that in the future there will not be any wars caused by the economic crisis .
I would like to start by saying it is free .
He does not chase after the ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he really needed the money , he would behave totally differently .
Everybody loves watching movies !
It has been shown that they get along better with their siblings than their parents .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Best wishes ,
What was the reason ?
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
To be considered well educated , people should graduate from a college .
But on the other hand , there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
Food ! You must try the different foods in my country as the food is delicious and special .
Jack lived with his mother , he had no job , and when she had told him to be independent , he only lasted one month before ending up in poverty .
And I would like to encourage everybody to try it .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
In the streets it is a little warm .
As I wrote before , it was not that easy to have an argument with him .
Facebook has more bad effects on adolescents than on adults , who are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in the television commercial .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effects of living without soft drinks .
He has never been the most famous guitarist in the world . He was just one more guitar player .
You should n't do silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
Let 's get started !
that 's amazing . I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I received an email from you !
Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It 's pork which is seasoned with red wine and , then , well braised .
I think this is the most suitable restaurant for this special occasion as everyone would have a wide variety of food to choose from and just let the view of the city enhance the night .
I believe that governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating the impact of the economic crisis .
Change frequently creates a great deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
It burns lots of calories , builds endurance and builds up muscles .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about getting to know her grandparents .
The pro s and con s of the satellite dish are numerous .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
Most people who play tennis are always ready and proud of themselves .
Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we really appreciate your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
My time off from university is important to my personal development .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
Today was a good day . Not every day is as good as this was .
DESCRIPTION
Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage the deadlines for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
I can call my dad who lives in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
Second , the teachers had really good teaching skills .
At that moment , Mia took off her disguise and Michael said :
Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
This convenience of cars enables us to use our time efficiently .
He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
You know how much I love watching movies , especially in small and cosy movie theatres .
If you ever get to watch TV in Germany , you should definitely check out this interesting news programme .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing it at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way ?
The location of the restaurant is fantastic , right in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
Everyone on the staff is extremely nice and very often the owners come to make small talk with the customers .
I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
A review about medieval Turkey .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
But all awkwardness aside , it ended with a first kiss .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with other players .
One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
And , of course , to add an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer .
Of course , they all left in a rush .
Take care ,
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I was with my family I got bored .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
In my opinion , people should build some kinds of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
It can carry many people without problems .
When he looked into the water , he found a little ill frog .
It 's the day after and Jonas has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
With its help , we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not evil .
While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .
Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
Finally , we are taking the FCE exam .
China and India were almost of the same accessibility for the ordinary carpenter from Edinburgh as they were for his predecessor five centuries ago .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly decline from 2012 to 2014 .
Therefore travel by car is ready now .
In conclusion , I think that it is the best way to open your mind . Not the only way , but yes , the best way .
It is a ball game played on a rectangular grass field with a goal at each end .
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face situations which are not easy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a hospital .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked along the promenade .
Playing tennis means more to me than anything else .
It is believed that the most important one is the culture barrier .
We want a happy Earth .
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun , I like the bulls .
The last but most important step is the inspection .
In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make the audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed some foreign enterprises or corporations to take our own resources without demanding that they be careful with the environment .
You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
That would make them feel disabled .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
Today I want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
I prefer playing football to playing basketball .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In the economic aspect , drought has brought a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
My father is a businessman .
Although it is true that this is not a long - term friendship , I can say that I have found a true friend .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Some of them have to mature for that and some of them feel it from the beginning .
Why are all the lights on ?
I enjoy travelling by bus or train . On your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love , and everything seemed to be completely bright .
I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company .
I think he deserves to be famous because he is a very talented person .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
See you
Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
Because of this , the store detective was able to catch the thief and recover all the books .
Cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very well and I cook several kinds of foods .
Because when we do a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That is happening with me .
There is no easy way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff for the gym or instruments on public transport .
You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and changing your policies .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Television also takes away from family time .
To survive in the era of inflation , young people have to get more than one job .
Back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a journey that took 18 hours driving non - stop . Surely very few people would consider it convenient ?
All of this will affect your life badly . Maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
During my tenure at the University of Economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
I felt so bad in the car .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress and boredom when they are not in their natural habitat .
Although they have less experience , they recognize what a child wants to do .
Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
The car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
I started running because I suffered from neck pain and my left leg was not comfortable when I sat all day .
It was seven o'clock when she got home with her arms full of grocery bags .
Information via the Internet had beem more quickly each day and it is reaching all parts of the world .
I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
BTLee
Ania
To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
The mom , on the other hand , decides to stay behind and works hard to give her children a decent life .
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install software .
You must take the number 748 .
And Michael said every time that he would never do that .
We made friends with this fairy . After an entire day walking with her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time until the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitement that only the up - tempo style of play can provide .
The phenomenon of the immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
Alicia
So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't manage to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castle , you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the north and in the south of the country .
In the future , people will go out of the Earth . Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Blues music .
When we thought that the night had ended , we had the perfect dessert .
By the same token , a single method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only things that cause traffic accidents .
Yours faithfully ,
As I am planning to move to Ireland within several months , I have considered DHL as the best choice for me in order to continue my professional and personal development in the best way .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
Nowadays , a healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
In winter , I go in for skating .
Bye for now ,
Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
However , I think that TV can do both .
The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
We like to visit the cities and various sights in the area .
Primary school is the best time for learning . Children gain knowledge more easily and faster .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
Finally , all of
The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
It is the most popular sport in the world .
It needed to be this way .
We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about going back there sometime .
Run Forest Run !
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend . We go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and watch a movie . That 's great for me !
It was easy to draw him into the love affair or to make him horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I think that he is a good writer because he is able to describe his sexual dreams and thoughts in a lively way and vividly .
Finally , I like playing soccer because , like me , most of my friends play soccer a lot every day and that makes me love it so much .
Well , in my hometown there are about a little more than half a million people .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
He needed to arrive at the train station on time .
We need to do something to save the world !
I 'm looking for a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've learned about your classes and your method seems efficient .
I was a little bit sad , because all my friends had already found a job .
She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle , because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
" Laura ?
the investigation accused them and investigate prison .
Javier
In fact , going abroad is a nice way to make new friends , try new things and improve a foreign language .
You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's really fun !
And for me , that 's total nonsense .
The temperature level is exactly what you like .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other people 's computers .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
Perhaps there was every chance that Joe could have survived the fall !
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
They must maintain the roads .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need an additional $ 13000 .
He does not end an argument and give a position to understand your point , he thinks he is right and does not want to think about it .
As a result , we often communicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friends because I can not speak with them as freely as with my friends .
Nikoleta Ozerova
After sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it uses special ink , and prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
And it raises another question : morality .
The President of the United States of America , Mackinley , says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
Stela Volkov
When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
Thanks for care .
In addition , we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get to Sol station .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and béarnaise sauce .
Gerard
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
Knowing that he had jeopardized his friendship with Rasheed , he quietly returned to his house .
It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I am 24 years old . I am from Lviv Ukraine .
After the run , we continued with our daily routine .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is skiing downhill , because I love doing it .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change for the worse .
I have had 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous people wear or that appear in the magazines .
I started running to lose weight and it ended up being a life - changing experience .
Yours faithfully ,
Therefore , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every day for reading and beginning to read at once .
While in the statement it says that public transportation will be abandoned by many people , in my opinion , the opposite is true - that public transportation is our future .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet and , timidly , she nodded .
Stefania
I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if that is possible .
You will not regret coming to Spain .
It is about a little girl who was adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
Should we learn other languages ?
You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that keen to hit the mall .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
Nations like Mexico and Peru , with internationally recognized cuisines , have taken advantage of their culinary roots and boosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinoa , to bring economic growth to their agriculture sectors .
To be honest , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
There are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
These people , those who live in a city , do not take their own car or do not have one .
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2,500 years ago in Iran . They were sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
Rich people can buy one , but people from the middle class can not .
To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best friends and neither do they .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might tell a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
It was late Summer in Africa .
The problem is that maybe it is too late and she can only wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
" So many friends learned to swim .
See you on Saturday .
Jack bought a ticket for the earliest flight to Texas . Once he got off the plane , he ran through the landscape .
Tell me more about the people you work with and how you feel there .
Because no revolution is worth more than a human life .
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio s movie , because I heard that action movies are your favourite .
Does it look like your old house or it is bigger than that ?
The situation with household litter looks much better than what happens on the streets of the city .
From my point of view , many people use cars owing to the awful quality of some buses , trains …
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
I think we should use the internet carefully and keep using it with caution .
The only thing they could clearly hear was : - But this can only be caused by contamination , although this windy day hasn't helped .
We wondered if some work needs to be done to increase the student attendance on the math courses .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
The same goes for me .
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , a weird coincidence happened : the political leader , Silvio Berlusconi , and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffic jams .
What is my favorite sport ?
For example , never start a match without a warm up , because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
Re : Application for Primary 1
- repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
However , many countries have become more aware of the environmental issues each nation faces .
The hot spot helps to get more confidence .
However , families that do n't have good communication do n't have a good life .
I watched this movie several times after I arrived in the UK .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
Yours faithfully ,
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an event with charity club members in my school as well .
There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
Luxurious homes , cars , expensive clothes and other pleasures of life are then available when people become famous .
However , there is some debate that it is unethical to let warrior robots participate in modern wars and fight with real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
So , probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad for several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
When doing a fece - to - face course , besides having an attendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the place where the course is given .
To differentiate between old computers and computers today , we would first have to describe each type of machine .
The questions we are going to answer about these songs are :
False alarm ' , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of the wealth of musical instruments .
Because knowledge is the best weapon we have got against those who want to rule us as they want .
We 'll see with our own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
It is more fun when we travel by car .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
So if you decide to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
This week we are flexible and could come over from Thursday to Saturday , and only in the evening the days before .
Hi Duncan ,
Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
from a story their mom often reads .
Please find my resume attached to this letter .
DIY Classes
However , it also has some disadvantages .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment . However , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
All of these make me feel nauseous .
They ca n't stand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
So it is very strange for the US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
Love , Lisa
We never settle for any mediocrity .
In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
When Lionel was around , Michael , the boy , was happy .
A storm of food problems broke out next .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
Here we have branded products and no - name products .
First priest to realize that church wine is not real blood .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous countries for cricket .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
Tears flowed down her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses a magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves against , he or she can basically rule the world .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
Social networking technology is a tool used by people all around the world .
Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and who we appreciate and get significant influence from .
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the things I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid hot dogs .
But at the same time , advertising has many features in common with art .
Therefore , it would be incredibly expensive to reunite all of them again for another film .
I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .
But then again , what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand . He did n't even understand the passing of time !
This sport can help your health and anyone can learn to play volleyball .
I have just started teaching a new , face - to - face group of adults .
They avoid using convenience food and any kind of artificial flavors .
Acid rain and global warming are issues which have been brought about by careless people .
There was a big surprise party in the forest .
Many parents may not satisfy all of these conditions .
Text me if you find something for me .
There you can cure your sick heart .
I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
All about me
They make it hard on purpose .
No Future for public transport :
As soon as the man explained everything to us we realised that we had mixed up car keys in the restaurant because both of them were exactly alike .
-Where is Sarah ?
Surprised and delighted , the boy took the fish home and prepared delicious fish soup for his stepmother .
At the end , the intruders turn out to be ghosts that
Best regards , and I look forward to hearing from you .
Among these places , Mt .
My hobbies are football and gym .
They 're enjoying the view .
The perfect moment is whenever you want ; in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
I am a teacher in a high school and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
She was around fifty years old and rather unattractive although smartly dressed .
I was wondering if you would mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher ?
In 1656 , the Polish king John II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
As a result of having shared many experiences together , I have come to know her and her abilities very well .
I 'm writing about my summer job at the Cinema .
After two hours , she could hear Michael 's voice coming from downstairs .
Mobile phones are the most important thing in our daily lives . They are the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Yours sincerely
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman was leaving in one hour .
You should come to my city and will enjoy it .
Otherwise , it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
We should find new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
The parents called her , but she did n't answer .
We hope that the above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , which is almost twice the number of participants last year .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem for me .
He bought a cat .
Some are private and some are public .
I 'm so sorry , but I ca n't come to class next week because I have to work .
Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I am thirteen years old .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
Would you like to join us ?
It is a big city with more than one million people .
From my point of view , it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascular system during exercising .
Furthermore , you will be able to do canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial college .
The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish shopping centre " .
Without looking back and getting into the car , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
First of all , on the English course which I did at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
Buses take a very long route .
I hope to hear from you soon .
The public authorities helped us when we showed our solutions .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , but I can give you some advice about travelling and working in Korea .
Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time learning another language .
So people set a high value on clothes .
You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
Introduction
The RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
If it stays at a certain level , no fan will complain about higher prices .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person uses a car , pollution will increase a lot .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't stop .
To the Italian education authorities
If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
One of the biggest differences compared with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
After days of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not contain the water when it is out of its limitation .
My village has a wall of stone . This wall was built by residents of the village in 1715 .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
I will have to sleep on it .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and talks about what Colomb 's aims were .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve our ecological situation a little .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet , while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
Best
Yours faithfully ,
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Other good features are the costumes and the landscapes , which give the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
The next thing is big windows .
However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully when robotics is contributing to humans ' lives .
On holiday we do different sports , cook on the fire and have fun .
Yours Sincerely ,
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it , we should definitely stop using cars .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want with only one communication device .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach it .
The sports centre in Ondara has visitors from several villages and from all age groups .
There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .
Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
I really want to visit the Ferris wheel in London .
. Ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
All that is required of you is to have a knack with kids and love the idea of becoming an au pair .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this position .
Of course , I make use of a computer and projector during my daily teaching , because this is a pleasant and entertaining activity for children .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , in the north of Italy .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily avoid price competition .
Comfort , time and internal peace are required to make learning efficient .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
For instance , it may be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
Taking care of the environment is everyone 's duty and it must be done responsibly .
I have to improve my writing .
We are looking forward to seeing your participation in the Organisation after six months .
Dear friends !
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people , but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situations . »
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream . Many ca n't get what they accomplished . Those players are very famous today .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
Luckily , it was quite warm , so there was one thing less to worry about .
I 'm also very good at first aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with that too . I can do pretty much anything that you want me to . I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
I have an MSc in Food Science and a PhD in Biochemistry .
I love my little family .
People who are based in rural and remote areas always prefer to use public transportation , according to researchers from Columbia University .
In the last few years , a lot of building has been done in the area .
It has its own rules , tools and people who are specialized in it .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
And the idea that , by spending time on Internet chats , young people develop their social skills , is problematic .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one should not miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching and Psychology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is misbehavioral children .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
Nowadays , people are constantly on the move .
He flew to Saudi Arabia .
He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity would not be revealed .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
These companies must take care of the environment or they will have to pay a big fine to the council .
I looked around but no one was there . "
Definitely not a good way to start your day .
If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention it in the email .
As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life than the other one ,
I assume that the tourist agency can think of better solutions than me , but I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
All surfaces are used in the best way possible .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
Learning new languages is very important , but also studying subjects related to computers and technology , like computer programming , is becoming more and more useful than ancient languages like Greek or Latin .
Since I have a full - time job , I could join you at weekends .
It was established in 1800 .
I plan to help the freshman translators in the Ministry to further their career under my supervision by coaching and mentoring them .
What is the experience of learning another language like ?
May I have a new extension number ?
When I was younger , I went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really great to know I would make some kids feel the same way .
When you can , call me .
Finally , I like to play football for my health .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search for teams on the Internet .
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets .
After six hours , we had lunch in a fast food restaurant in France .
The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and , believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
Therefore , I would like to share some things with you .
I normally dream but do n't remember when I wake up .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
Because they are young , and there is no problem with that .
Every human action provokes a reaction .
That 's why there is no future for public transport .
Suddenly , an old carrying a heavy load hit him and fell down .
By making them more modern , powerful and economical , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
She needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
Rosa
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
I did n't speak for days to spare my voice .
Firstly , there are a lot of ways to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun and the best thing in the musical experience is that you can make friends with famous people and those who you admire and only see on TV .
Men and women are possible to interest it .
The metaphor the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
It 's been so long since we last talked ... and I have some great news !
See you when you arrive in Mexico City
I always try to find out reasons , which takes a lot of time .
It was her old friend Tia .
This clearly shows that football needs strong cooperation from all of the team 's players .
-Looking after children aged 8 - 12 .
Since the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp on the furniture would be unnecessary .
They ignore using the full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalopathy , or BSE .
While these situations are rare , they need effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to present due to how welcome I feel when I arrive at the reception .
I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
They also encourage people to use bicycles in order not to consume so much fuel .
For me , television has advantages and disadvantages .
They cook good meals .
I do n't want to do anything else .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel watching television .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for luck .
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
Because you can watch them with your friends .
We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
I think I am suitable for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
It gives me pleasure and is fun .
The reasons for this are as follows .
Scout is a really smart girl .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
We should use the less car . It is very polluting .
Technology makes it easy to connect with our family , friends and co - workers .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life . In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other cultures when they attend international schools .
Once he finds one , he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective and efficient .
You are sitting in a comfortable seat .
It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between the team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
However , piano is also part of your life .
In that area , Budapest is really awful .
These four studies are put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
Therefore , a television commercial is likely to be the most suitable method to promote its brand in Hong Kong .
After the race , we got together in the cafe , drink beer and had a nice conversation .
If you have money that can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expenses ,
In a car , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in snow , rain , cold .
I admit that I do n't really enjoy soap operas .
Therefore , I want to say a special thank you to our teacher .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best friends , because maybe we do not have the same trust that we have in our friends .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
13 July 2014
yours faithfully ,
Not everyone can buy a car .
I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
The Walking can also fitness and make the knees stronger .
I also work in the summer as a waitress in a terrace .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
They should make their students experience school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
The animals I like to hunt most are birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electrical engineering .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
I love my town because , when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
Dear Sir ,
Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobiles .
Because the people tend to make them from their own basic culture .
He calmly stood up , looked at his watch , then closed his eyes and realized that there was nothing else to do .
Parents often compare their children to others , and this also plays a role in this case .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it uses not carbon dioxide , but water .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
Hey , my name is Mathias .
It was great to hear from you .
This restaurant also has games for children , which they can spend their time playing with .
By looking at the current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that could occur in the future .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Travelling by car gives flexibility in our schedule .
I knew that skating was the thing I wanted to do for the rest of my life , the thing I wanted to tell people about when they asked me what my favorite thing to do was .
They have so successfully insinuated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
All rubbish is taken away without separation .
There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
Sport is something essential to achieving this goal and you can always practise music at home when you have some free time ( yes , I know that it happens once in a blue moon ) .
A lot of girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and get anorexia and those things .
I thought it was Stacey again , trying to get into my house again and trying to seduce me .
Apparently , it is going to cause more pollution and more global warming issues .
When a student came in , he was also surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
My best friend lives in Madrid , but we always used to be together in her house or in my grandparents ' house .
She wants him , but " the chain is on his door " .
I am writing to you regarding a job advertisement I saw in yesterday 's newspaper looking for an English - speaking person to work at weekends in your cafe .
Once I decided that I needed to do something , I started walking around my neighbourhood .
You must not be on your own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that makes a strong relationship forever .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
The school as a whole has become my great mentor .
Knowing this about the Spanish education system , we can now talk about technology .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
I am 32 years old and even though I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
Michael went on a trip to Poland by himself .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
In spite of that , studies say there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person has the right of choice . This includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
A BIG mistake .
One of the people who I admire is Martin Luther King .
Buses , boats and trains are the public transport that are most used by people .
This essay will discuss the current social consequences of robotics in the area of education , and then conclude by commenting on its possible future implications .
By taking the subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in modern society . With great coverage and efficient routes ,
All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course , in order to put into practice what was taught .
What can we say about our ecological awareness ?
Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then travel .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old . I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then led me to love football in general .
How are you ? I have just received your letter .
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
Ca n't wait to hear what you 've been up to this weekend .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially for women , but sometimes it is not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
This was a very cool experience for me .
The Homeless people are human beings and they must have their rights in life .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
First of all , my car has high speed .
The chefs take great care in selecting only the best quality food .
Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem grew up and took its place .
1 ) What are your educational qualifications ( ex .
Michael grew bitter .
You just try to do your best .
Furthermore , mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
For example , they want to see well - known people with their boyfriend / girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology , such as alarms , cell phones and lights .
Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
Let 's see when and how that happens ... !
It may well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
I consider myself lucky because I know I can always count on them , and because they love me as much as I love them .
All the buildings here have been built to respect the environment . In fact , every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
In conclusion , I think you should give up your music classes .
For the latter , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
Let 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
Dazzled by the sun , when I opened my eyes , i realized that I was in a wonderful funfair .
Carlos
Many would argue that its disadvantages have already outweighed the advantages , and many others disagree with this view .
This means that the food , being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases , we can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attention to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " brown nose " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dinner .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try . Just focus on the ball and hit it back .
Thanks for your good wishes as well .
For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .
What I like about cycling is doing routes and very long paths .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's raining .
I feel proud to hug him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress built up in office hours .
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented rises .
Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
This initiative will definitely help countries to reduce pollution .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Greenhouse gases have already posed a grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration for Malala Youszafi .
I would probably have to be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
The yellow container is for plastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is for cardboard , like milk cartons ; the green container is for glass , like glass bottles .
Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
Mary is a picture of health with all her curves and pretty face .
Skydiving is great !
Besides , I am also good at dealing with people .
We saw the stadium , returned to the car and wanted to drive to Bydgoszcz .
Lots of Love ,
Going by train , for example , you need to get to the next train station and , afterwards , from the destination train station to your final destination .
You do n't need a lot of equipment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
But it would never happen , not anymore .
It is part of my dream to make an invention to solve the problem in the future .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
A long time ago , in a small village in Spain , the story I 'm going to tell you happened .
It made everything possible .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
I was sitting and waiting in the concert hall .
Yesterday I watched Fast to Furious at the cinema .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use your strength but also your balance .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
It seems to me a complete sport , because you can play it in pairs or in an individual way .
Then , researchers found out that Pal Enger , the most famous art thief in Norway , was the person who had stolen the painting .
My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
The author claimed that the business dropping is caused by the increasing number of skateboard users .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
You can also spend that time working and saving money for future years on the university campus .
He did n't feel anything .
To be honest , I am not sure .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mineral extraction .
To conclude , there are strong arguments for and against keeping animals in zoos .
Dear xxx .
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
I want your help .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
In my city there is an old town which was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful City .
You ask how ?
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
Cars are used even when not necessary .
How are you ?
Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books , since this is one of them .
During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it is also an important place for Japanese culture .
And the income that is gained through this transport service will automatically decrease , which will create a problem for the economy of the country .
The food is excellent and copious .
There is no doubt that the subject of keeping animals in zoos creates a lot of debate .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressful , I think .
They were not a good representation of their ideals .
They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
Traveling on public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
I also left yoghurt and frozen food for you to prepare in the oven or microwave . This way , you wo n't have to worry about going back home to have lunch before going to work .
From the 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters there .
I agree , for many people , travelling by car is much more convenient . However , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
Thus , there should n't be a technological revolution but an educational one .
The most important ones are Hagia Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
Hi , dear Isabel !
First of all , I am going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of this topic .
The top 50 richest in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
save the world from waste and pollution .
The most effective way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
I understand this part , but if I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
Some people think there are some disadvantages , like injury , and getting aggressive .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
I entirely share this idea .
Yours faithfully
I have already experienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association established for youth friendship .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Then I realized that the chair had wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experience .
Flaminia Bruna Mancini
Besides , while being an exchange student in the USA during my school years , I improved my English speaking and communication skills .
During this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire court .
I think it was the most exciting holiday I 've ever had and my favourite too .
Languages people learn
When I was almost three years old , my parents moved to Indonesia because of their work circumstances .
How are you doing ?
It had four red wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
The next question which we talked about was : ' Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
The internet has caused me depression once . I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
Today , many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of services , and because the bus and the trains are full and many times are also dirty and late .
He came to Real Madrid 5 years ago and he is the best player in the team .
Skat is an old German card game .
During the last thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business . For me , it was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
Sink in apple of his eye .
The castle 's architecture is in the Neo - Gothic style .
Will you be able to go ?
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes , he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
Have you ever driven in a crowded city and moved at 1 km/h .
All about me
And it 's fun and exciting to travel with a group by bus .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
I pressed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
So we need a new system .
This method made the class lively and gave the students a chance to really defend their points of view .
There are different ideas to be considered as far as assessment is concerned .
Restaurant .
Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
They feel tired after a long snowy winter .
I told my friends and family members the importance of university education to our community .
Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
She is a great woman ; hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
The good news is the people who can take advantage of technology can save a lot of time because they might have a sophisticated robot that can help at home .
16th December 2013
I could hardly wait for my 18th birthday .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
-eat a lot of Fast Food
Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything worked well : the sound , the lighting and the instruments .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers , who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
It works towards allowing all EU citizens to travel and work freely no matter which country they are from .
But he did not realise something . His little brother was watching him through the window .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision . You should give it thought before you finally decide .
My teacher wanted us to speak French .
All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as Breaking Bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
I hope that 's useful .
In addition , students , in the course of research , may create serendipity .
I finish work at about 5 pm .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
And I usually spend my vacation with my family during school break .
You could do that and then , finish in Barcelona , where I live .
I do n't like public transport .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
The car continues to attract people .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
I am in my final year of high school , which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
She is tanned and has a slim build .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life ; we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
The room was full of things that day .
Yours faithfully
It then levelled off during the next 5 years .
They are always ready to help me , they never let me down .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there are not any dirty streets in it .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
There are going to be some problems .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough space and are properly looked after .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
Taxi is the first possibility .
In addition , I will recommend the best kind of advertising for our needs .
I scored 56% in my last test .
Think about it !
What 's the reason ?
Of course , public transport is not always more convenient .
My parents are on patins . My eldest sister is 37 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin . Her name is Eman .
Switch off your cellphone .
But if you do not like spicy , you can also try the Honey Sauce .
I lost my phone near street no 1 .
The doctor was angry and Michael cried .
A few years ago I took part in a programme called Christmas Drama .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
Would you be interested in this job ?
I try to do all the activities in class .
I think they have no life at all .
Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
Environmentally - friendly buildings will definitely be on the drawing board .
Since 2010 , my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independence and creativity , and precision make research more valuable .
The main cause of that change was that I had to have breakfast , lunch and dinner in my college dorm 's dining room , which had amazingly good cooks . They 'd cook really good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Why are there so many cool men in this world ?
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in all my life .
All villages have a bus stop where the bus stops to pick up or drop off passengers .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learnt that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them every step of the way .
We visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
First , the graph showed an upward trend for the ice cream van and , in 2014,it had the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 March 2017 .
She immediately ran to the doormat , ran back to the living room and showed me the envelope in her hands .
I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
Favius
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to solve it .
Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
Congratulations !
Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
With my parents , I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak to them ..
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
I did n't call , send messages or meet him .
Although now she is sure , she has suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " were inside her .
Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I have seen your English courses on the internet and suddenly I thought that 's what I need !
The aim of the two characters was to win a piece of land in America .
I would not sleep until the game was over .
Introduction
Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on the doormat . "
So , it can really educate people .
Roger O'keefe , 83 years old , is being referred to your care for further assistance .
Meeting our needs that in the past were n't met .
Cleaners
But how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
Also , I have met great friends who play basketball .
She had dreamed of living there since she was a little girl , but she also realized that she would leave all the people that she cared about .
and the mother thinks she is lying . But after a while , she believes her and starts searching for the intruders .
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and it is difficult once you get used to earning money , you want to study again .
Do you remember our arrangement ?
If you want to take photos the way free you can done .
This is because technology has become a relevant tool for work and study , in particular , and an important tool in life in general .
There are fewer people who use public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than on public transport .
The staff is also very friendly .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people found Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
If you decide to base yourself in Geneva , I suggest you first visit the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
When I am running , all the pressure I felt is gone .
The name says it all .
A mother is absolutely fundamental and the basis for the man 's principles and beliefs .
The weather was partly cloudy .
His head was wandering around the sweet smile that made him feel nervous like a child just a few minutes ago .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
I was walking alone around the noisy and crowded playground , looking for my very first friend , when I saw a quiet girl under a tree .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
Moreover , a small piece of broken bottle or glass can also lead to a bushfire .
I have just read your advertisement on your page for recruiting people for summer camps all over the USA .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
After Michael barely calmed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , one someone would say was way too late , but at that moment , it felt right .
The hard truth is that until someone has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
If you require any further information , I am available for an online interview .
A car crashed into him and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
My parents are divorced .
To sum up , taking care of the environment should be an obligatory task for us .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
I do n't know what I like people to know about me .
Some martial arts are not really sports .
There are a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn something and there are also intriguing television programs .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with action and at times a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
However , this great improvement still has a few weaknesses .
You must n't take everything into account .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , but although this night sounds impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
He was in the same state as her for about a week after the drama , and had to live on his own for the years that followed .
Talk to me via video conferencing after the party .
Once upon a time , a boy was six years old .
In the following paragraphs , I present my view on this controversial issue .
I am always willing to help with anything . I can be very creative when it comes to fun things .
As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and they will learn the language constantly .
Together with that , more people are getting familiar with driving and feeling more confident about driving their own car .
One might wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
All of us have to choose some activity .
Indeed , following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
If we develop our different areas of knowledge , we will achieve a better world .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , full of action and adventure .
And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .
After being socially judged by society , we can perceive the direct influence of unwritten rules on our cultural values when someone breaks at least one of them .
If , in the past , they just held weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
All of a sudden , my phone rang .
You can take a bus there .
Hey , I 'm Hoa .
All people in the world have friends . I 'm not an exception .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
The connectivity derived from the Internet provides an invaluable business tool for online banking .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
Dear Sir or Madam
When I was born , I weighed 3650 grams and I was 52 centimeters tall .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , were everybody to boycott beef products .
Cohen 's knowledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
For this achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
I am studying at Yung Feng high school .
As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
will be more healthy .
Fortunately , visitors will find all of that in the Tourist Information Office and in shops on the outskirts .
After briefing the call respondent about every detail that he had known about Rasheed .
If you have any problems , you can call me ! !
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
The main advantage of working at the local cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the latest films .
Hi !
The manager of this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made progress back in the other city . "
Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their finances are tight , it is also true that most of those same people would use their private cars instead if given the chance .
PEOPLE 's LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option for transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing pollution .
Also , children must clean their school once a month .
There is a scene , at the very end , where you can see a transformation .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
I love cooking .
In the modern world , stress always disturbs our lives .
Then we can just jump inside them and move in either direction , as we wish .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his history is something to be proud of .
Thanks .
I am very interested in it because I would like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
The young couple grinned . " You haven't heard about the mind hackers , right ? "
I like fantasy and that book is fantastic .
I think that may be the reason she had Sleep Paralysis last night .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I would prefer to see you in August .
Lastly , I hope next year will bring some stability .
very best wishes ,
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
Public transport nowadays has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
And that voice told me that I was the winner of the third place !
Finally , their relationship broke up and Michael fell deeper into his illness than ever .
Hello Paul ,
But the problem is , I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and algorithms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses .
( How much ?
I live in Milan with my parents , but I 'm moving to the USA before the end of spring , so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan in advance .
The Formula 1 season starts in early spring and ends in late autumn .
Our city has only one airport .
Another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
You can have several dishes , such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
After the exams finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week .
The first time I watched him play eight years ago was the same year that I started watching tennis .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Dear Mrs Lusik ,
Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I consider buying a car the best option , so we can feel safe .
To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
Every segment of society - individuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transportation .
I 'm sure the pharaohs of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids .
About me !
I used to ignore thrillers due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat in case it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
I am writing to express my very strong interest in and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world , such as your company .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that , based on his own experience , this team work could be not so beneficial .
My boyfriend .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious culture which is far more strict .
Dear Mr Smith .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
But if you leave the city and travel about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
To conclude , I would like to say that , nowadays , people are becoming more aware and environment - conscious through education .
Often , it turns out , a purchase should not take place at all , the reason being lack of money .
But I am going to tell you about it .
I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges come my way .
And these are like branches on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
In the last five years , many new bins have been installed near all neighbourhoods .
People are thought to be jealous .
" The Exorcist " is one of the most exciting and astonishing thrillers that I have seen in my life .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
This may be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
She could n't open her mouth to say anything at all .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
This is clearly a symptom of how my town does n't care about any element of the environment .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
I want thank you for the invitation but I ca n't come to the party because it is my sister 's s burradas .
She was just about to open the door to check the inside when , suddenly , a scream echoed from the house , the door slammed open and the group started running at full speed , chased by four big spiders who had just discovered that their home had just been occupied .
We must keep doing our day - to - day tasks at work and at home , and , at the same time , maintain our social life and entertainment activities .
A clean and healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , because it is useful not just to gain some theoretical aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
And the media appear on the scene .
I personally like sports programmes and comedy shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should offer educative programmes .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their living in urban areas and will even face problems of poverty .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
I encourage you to try it .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy in Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
While I was flicking through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I could seldom eat meat for dinner .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
An electric car is less harmful to the environment .
When it is the holidays , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
It is hard to live overseas alone . Therefore , making friends from the same country means that they can help one another .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
Students in the mountains have a lot of different untold stories of their lives .
She wanted answers and to have them he needed to be alive not dead of a heart attack .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment for all ages .
I need to speak English when I travel abroad .
I think they are really cool .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you stay out and never give up .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
He has always been with me .
These activities usually involve speed , height and a good level of physical training .
It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
It could be strange for others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
It really feels like you are in a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
There is a problem with jobs , though .
For example , only 10% of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least once a week .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
We got on like a house on fire and I still have several wonderful memories .
As for my experience , I love working with children and I sometimes take care of my nieces who are 10 years old .
I hope all is well with you .
On the one hand , Scout acts very impulsively and is an obstreperous tomboy , but on the other hand , she is very clever and more adult than others at her age .
Every now and then , we have special guests coming over , such as professional reviewers or independent directors .
If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
I think alcohol is the most dangerous addictive substance in the world .
Eventually , they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected .
If you get tired of wandering the streets , then you can always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
I 'm OK .
- One for paper ;
People travel less on public transport these days .
-do sports
That is what happened with me personally .
I took a part - time job with the local housing company .
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know , and I do n't mind checking your plan to go to Korea .
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
Tennis is made of several ingredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
Also , you can always return it , like in the physical stores .
Democracy also had fundamental changes in that period .
I am more romantic than my boyfriend .
One of the things that is very important to me is the price .
I love the World Cup despite the fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lot of political problems , or just shown us how corrupt our government can be with the huge overpriced projects , a lot of money that has been spent on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delays in their construction , etc .
Besides , music also has other benefits .
I have no problem with being hired for three months because I do not go to university in the summer .
The place is small , but it 's very cozy .
Also , some people would never do what they want without queues .
The garbage cans are around each home .
Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
There are many games that children can play , like cricket , badminton , football etc .
Best regards .
When I finish my studies I will spend long hours with children .
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
More people are using it and it is getting rush .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
There is n't anything special that I disliked , except maybe for the music which was used .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
People in turn started to consume more due to the increased workforce and the greater offer of products .
Because it 's the most common sport in the world as well as because I 'm good at football , I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
After that , good quality sheets and bank notes are separated from partially damaged sheets and will be packaged and distributed .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt at a specified angle or there is a specific time that you must wake up and go to sleep .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best - quality ingredients .
Transferring this knowledge and experience to young people is the meaning of education .
But , in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
In addition , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes in the North of Extremadura .
By using public transport , we reduce our carbon footprint and help to save the Earth .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . Because when you play you have fun and interested .
This job is related to my subjects of interest .
There are no very big supermarkets near my home , but there is a nice one .
We were shocked !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Half way through his journey , he tripped .
Volunteer work provides an organization with free resources to help it achieve goals .
In my opinion , no one should come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
Otherwise , I could sell both tickets and we can have a look and see if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
Driving is the reason why adults do n't tend to use as much public transport .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
After the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantageous , but the most important reason why I chose travelling by train is the fact that I have motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses :
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
First , you need to know how to open the establishment .
For me personally , the best way to collect and record information for future generations is to interview people and to store the information in an appropriate way for three reasons : Firstly , I have the chance of not getting just one story from a person , but maybe two or three more .
In modern life , we rely on transport to get to work or travel everywhere .
If you 're looking for a great film to watch on a rainy day , I totally recommend Alice in Wonderland .
The boat is located at the Crofton Harbour and some means of transport would be necessary to get there .
The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
It was creating a culture .
I could n't bear the pain but I had to endure it to survive my ordeal .
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus and tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence run smoothly .
Instead of it , imaginary road networks will be built in our air space .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . It was a beautiful little monkey !
Also , I love it because it takes my mind off my worries .
From : John Jones
Recently , I worked babysitting for one year at a school .
She went to her parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
This has led to many black Americans visiting the Gambia for investment purposes .
He seriously needed a break , a few minutes to relax .
People who break the law , should be ordered to work in the community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Give my love to your family .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyles are some of the main causes of the surge in weight among people .
National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the problem of cane toads spreading .
Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
This is you .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and her brother , Luke .
I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect , of at least acceptable , CV .
I think in 50 years many things will change . We will learn in our homes .
Sometimes women go to the store just to look at the new stuff , to look around , and questions asked by salespeople make us angry .
Yours faithfully ,
In addition , you should avoid judging cultural values of other countries based on unwritten rules of your own .
In most cases , they even feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to telling the truth .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals still nowadays .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries are responsible for .
My friend and I always had ice cream and fun after training .
The leaves turn beautiful tones of yellow , orange , and red .
One year ago , Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can see this is in the traffic .
If it 's autumn and winter
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
On Monday , I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
In addition , travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of keeping one , two or more per family . However , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
It is warmth that is needful for us .
Transporting workers by public transportation or by bus is more convenient for big companies .
In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
The world of the first half of the XIXth century was quite different from that .
Green And Clean Environment
She came in and noticed that her daughter was a little nervous , so she decided to make a coffee , and sit and talk for a while .
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting to them for sure .
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
Not a good scene , is it ?
Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep unless you have a loud person close to you .
Given that those children would have better development in the future , as well as more free time .
It 's not true .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jams , which is counterproductive .
Travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
Hi Shannon !
She was woken up very early by the sun coming through her window .
Indroduction
They were published under the common title " Soviet crisis " .
I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
I feel I am the person you are looking for because I am patient and alert .
Do not talk too much , as it is a symptom of anxiety .
Hope to hear from you soon
So if you go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
Finally , he arrived .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
A recent U.S. study revealed that using buses and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this way of spending leisure time , for instance , with my mom or friends .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
Also , special ink is printed on both sides of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal details , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
That fact behind sense because the maintenance of public transport is not the responsibility of the traveler .
it was lost and could n't find the way to the water .
It depends what job you would like to do .
I continued crawling on all fours while wondering , how much longer , Simon , till we meet again .
I felt extremely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always wanted .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
However , there are some shortcomings that could be fixed .
Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute to society at their very young age .
The key idea of this essay was the following : Italy in the time of Berlusconi almost went bankrupt , but Michael is trying to prevent the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
If you have working in Poland , the best way is job on holiday .
I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids .
Later , the girl discovered that Michael was behind the incident .
As far as the job is concerned , working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
All of us have a good time .
Dear Sir ,
The lecturer argues that , as a biologist , she used to see animals suffering without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
Love !
Besides , an adaptation is connected with the Li Ren edition .
I am sure you will have a fun time .
If you like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing time by yourself or sharing it with other people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00 . My husband invited you to that .
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
How are you ? Have you got anything new to tell me ?
Dear James ,
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
Apart from sports , you should note two different culture points .
What is more , computers can actually cause health problems .
Even though their relationship was of the quarrelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
I am Brazilian , and like almost everybody in my country , I 'm a big football fan .
I am very interested in starting a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
The times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
The soundtrack is not spectacular .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
Everyone is living their perfectly " normal " lives in the sky .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between some people .
The best thriller I have ever read
When everyone was out , we told Matias off because he organised a party without our permission .
However , in most cases , people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
Regards ,
Being a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitration together .
I have been learning English for the last six months .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
She could n't be more than twenty - two .
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
Therefore , including garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
Today I do not play volleyball anymore , but I really enjoy dancing . Now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
We can begin with ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages and advantages in daily life .
What are the criteria of this ranking ? and ...
I stood in front of the door for forty minutes and I rang again and again .
The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
Shopping is very popular among tourists .
The cat LOZAH
We feel more happy , comfortable and refreshed after something like that .
However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness .
Jake is a freelance journalist .
It 's the story of Suleyman the Emperor and his wife , Hurrem .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and feel comfortable .
On the other hand , I love travelling and if you know several languages everything will be easier .
Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from the capital city of a southern state of India .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
I am addicted to padel !
The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
I thought that he must have called reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
Then the people from the hotel saw her the for last time .
Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
To make sure of the printing effect , special ink has to be used .
You can buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living .
A large number of problems are coming up at present .
I am writing in reply to your advertisement in the European Observer of April 7th for a post at USA Summer Camp .
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
I play it with my friends .
Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
While social media sites make our society more convenient and more comfortable compared with the past , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
It is also important because , during the Civil War , General Franco lived there for a week .
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
When I managed to reach the outside , I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
I must be honest for a while .
It taught me how to advertise your own product , to know more about children 's interests .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Day by day , the number of people is increasing in Mumbai .
According to l'Academie Française , all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
It was an engagement ring !
The people in my town take care of the environment .
This powerful vehicle is considered vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many respects .
Everyone will have his own car .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
Often they explain and describe the scene in detail like a cup on the table , friends who are watching TV beside them , a room light and so on .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
The main reason for its popularity is its accuracy and funded research , which make it more reliable than other news programmes .
It would mean so much to me .
I am currently taking exams for my English degree at the Ukraine National University .
It is a hard sport , but when you are doing it , you forget all your problems .
My programs are for old people in different villages .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
Maybe she feels bad , but not completely guilty .
The dessert ?
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
Hello Paula
Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .
Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
To do this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
I know this is not easy , but there is an ecological and cheap mode of transport : the bicycle .
This time , in order to further reduce my TTT , I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
Thousands would lose their jobs , both directly in the car factories and indirectly in many other car - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their cars less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
That 's exactly what he began to do .
The most exciting day of my life was when my sister and I discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! That was a very beautiful holiday !
This makes it nearly a complete self - study course , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
I discovered the English language when I was eight , and it amazed me so much that one year later I started to take a course .
When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
Class - E power amplifier PAs work as a switch and can obtain , theoretically , 100% power efficiency . The Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
It happened that one day a friend of mine took me to a Film Club session .
They can only be packed and distributed if they are of good quality .
( So you do n't need to hurry now . )
Mikolaj
I also like to play baseball , too .
You will find yourself walking a little further and faster than the day before .
A large number of examples prove that some of them are good at language whereas others are skilled at mathematics .
Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
To sum up , the course was generally successful , as the positive feedback received suggests .
On entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
We are leaving very late at night , but I managed to leave a copy of the key at the reception of the building . You should keep it with you .
The interviewer who was sitting in front of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loved .
Modern times have raised concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
To the door and opened it . It turned out that it was my brother .
But let 's not digress into that . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
It is more important than ever for everyone to think before using their own car .
I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
Even if you have a disorder , you can identify factors that may interrupt your sleep .
Then , in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare metal plates for printing .
I 'm sure you know that I 'm obsessed with rock music and that is why I could n't miss the boat .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
To sum up , I can say that the members of my family are my best friends .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs , like serials or films , do not motivate people to watch it .
I 'm in grade 8 .
We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
I 'm so glad to hear that you are giving me an opportunity to make your club facilities better .
Kind Regards .
And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
He had already asked all the family about this , nobody had n't idea what would be good enough .
They cried , they cheered .
My first handball match was in class 5 .
Good teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
I will love you forever and I will come back very soon .
Therefore , the first chapter features Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to collude with his colleagues in the cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistakenly shot by another cop .
Therefore , outside school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as math , writing , grammar , … .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is disobeying Hong Kong law .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
Brussels , Europe 's capital , made his stay very pleasant .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find different flavours and sensations when cooking .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built - in messenger .
First of all , being a spy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable for this kind of life .
For this purpose , the presentation will be divided into four sections .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
In most cases , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are responsible for temperature increases .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To sum up , I would like to invite people who agree with the quotation to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seems to be .
I wanted to see how beautiful the woman was .
Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
I am used to dealing with people and their orders to eat , and also , I am used to working long hours as I am studying while I am trying to get a job .
It 's nice to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
If the weather is nice , they should definitely take a trip to Kleť .
Dear Jo ,
I am also quite experienced in the kitchen . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
Finally , and on a more positive note , we 're walking towards a global world .
He finds himself in " the Glade " , a farmstead and a camp at the centre of a towering stone maze .
We already passed your comments about the format on to our chief lawyer and hope he can approve the necessary adjustments .
One of the main advantages of cultural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able to get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
I opened the envelope and found in it an offer of employment .
This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
Keep your excitement and attend the event .
Nobody can leave a family , as there will be a bloody union .
In every episode , new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
Best wishes ,
We are used to just turning the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need them .
I had the opportunity to have different language classes , such as English , French and Spanish .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing because I would like to attain the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
But I think that this is something we wo n't be able to do .
I hope this email finds you well !
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
There were some words : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
I was fascinated by this field of science .
Then , when it was finally my turn , I sat in front of the teachers and , slowly , I introduced my speech .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
It has already done this , but we still ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
A lot of them .
I have only lived in one place in my life .
Decisions about governmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CNN commentator .
In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
Secondly , having a car means different costs have to be afforded .
Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
I am going to write about how life is going to change in the next 50 years .
Then , preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needed .
Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
Joe
Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visit .
The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and a few more places that can be exiting .
I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
Because of this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
I demonstrated a courteous and professional attitude and achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction survey .
Our local public cleaning services are responsible not only for the efficient removal , storage , collection and transportation of waste material , but also for the maintenance and good care of natural areas and green spaces within our community .
Work and education disturb one another .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we make mistakes .
They could give a good life to their families and also have a dog called Winy . And all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time as she walked away .
It was reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
First , you should know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
Thus , I suggest making subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
And I yelled :
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
When the first hour had passed , he decided he would walk .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions at school .
I come from a large family and I have two younger sisters aged 10 and 12 .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts , she finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
It is very good for the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
I want to learn English , and I go to college twice a week .
Although other forms of transportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the way we do business and live our lives more than the car .
It depends on whether the sheets are good or bad quality .
When I finished high school , I started working as an accountant in my father 's carpentry business .
Well , I will explain in this article about one museum that is considered " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opening your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
Our state would have a large sum of money , which is an invaluable resource .
The number of people exceeded my expectations !
At present , I have three kinds of birds . One of them is a yellow canary , the second one is a finch , and the third one is a combination of two kinds of birds . Each bird has its own special voice .
I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
My dad and my grandfather ran their own business for more than 20 years .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentle way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
Government policy changes help a lot with water preservation .
While he was standing on the pavement , tears of resentment covered his face .
It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags of rubbish in a good container .
So she decided to ask him straight away .
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
I had met my boyfriend 5 years ago , so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
The day before the concert , I met the band members , and we started trying on clothes for the next day .
The waiters go out of their way .
The second answer is that it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
Since I have worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12-year - old children from the experience I mentioned .
Studying in libraries requires a lot of quiet and patience .
As you know , my hobby is going to the movies , so you can image how happy I was when I got this job .
At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
The reason I am writing to you is the poor quality of a food processor which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
After that , the printing process comes into play .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy branded products or no - name products .
The birds start chirping early in the morning .
Cars :
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply in your future career .
I can give as an example how big cities around the world can reduce pollution more .
In addition , tickets were too expensive .
But they taught me all the important values and good manners , and I 'm grateful to them for that .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person in the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and get out of poverty .
I am very interested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanish , English and Italian , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...
This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and the people I worked with .
It is true that because of computers , we do many things fast and easily .
Whatever type of journey you take , you would be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical exertion .
Cricket is better for our health than other games .
Kind regards ,
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
Assembled around those long tables , you will find smaller tables and even a cosy lounge for people waiting for a free table .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
Also , I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a sunny day .
Laura Alexeyeva
Secondly , they like watching series on TV .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I have brown eyes and black hair , and my nose and mouth are normal .
How was your trip ?
A game is an activity involving one or more players .
The citizens of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city is green - clean - beautiful " .
Since the world of today is a time - saving world , people do n't care about their pocket .
I recommend you to visit Caceres .
Although I have taken part in many competitions , there was one which was the most enjoyable experience of my life .
I am a friendly , happy , hardworking person with a lot of energy .
But we are too interested .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by , more and better modifications are made to cars .
In fact , China will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
Two months ago I worked in a kindergarten .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
It has a big mall that has recently been opened , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
Anna became a model !
After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man would forgive the child .
The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt , which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
It was a dream come true .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
Here I come to express my thoughts about what has been happening during these past weeks in the reception of the building .
Airplanes are the best way to travel over long distances .
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
A non - smoking policy was introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences were terrible : a large number of their customers vanished .
Although a private car is more convenient for its owner than public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
Michael 's only fault is that he is a mamma 's boy .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best places where people can do sports or can attend a yoga class in the open air .
More unemployed people may also lead to a higher crime rate .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
KIT and let me know about your journey !
It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport will lose passengers and the use of private cars will spread everywhere around the world .
It does not fit in rich countries because it concerns poor countries .
This past year was special for me . I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home , so working in the kitchens would not be a problem at all .
I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
I hope that I can be one of the candidates you find suitable for your university .
I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I have a good understanding of children .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
So , as a member living on our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is also difficult and risky and not so simple as the one shown in films .
They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..
And for spring and summer they open a beautiful large terrace .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
It was so impressive .
Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
We realize that countries which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
But Michael was n't worried .
First , some people believe that public transport is a significant part of our life and it 's more difficult to rely only on our cars .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
I began doing this sport three years ago when I lost my job .
Owing to that , people wo n't need to meet and talk .
I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is important .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
Dear Madam ,
My congratulations .
The day of the finals , I was so nervous , but determined .
Garbage everywhere .
They are tending to work as much as men , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan , the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
The quick and practical life in the city started to drive thousands of people away from the fields .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
And some buses drive at night to transport passengers .
I 've always liked to play with kids and do fun activities with them .
Do n't 's
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
Lal colony
Based on the author 's two concerns , the statement that came to the conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
Finally , we enjoy both ways in our life .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Education will not be in schools and universities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote themselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates , the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
Although the above overview reveals solid evidence for both sides of the argument , it is felt that the healthiest approach to designating government positions is to ensure candidates undergo rigorous training programs .
I strongly agree with the statement , that famous people also should have their own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about .
Run fast .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
We are of the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Her father and her mother died before they got to the hospital .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
The room 's number was 666 .
The reasons for that may lie in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting most middle - class people in the country .
For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
Finally , you might think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisements that people are forced to watch every single day once they have switched on this box .
Teenagers are interested in music too .
Music is a science ! Yes it is .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the exam period .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador , then to Albrook Mall .
Public transport includes buses , trains , and subway , but cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
With reference to his work experience , he worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
In Extremadura , the second most used mode of transport is the bus .
They told them everything .
It 's also a complete sport because people will improve their health and fitness .
Today I am writing about learning another language .
Sheila Giménez
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
Moreover , there are discounts for regular journeys .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling long distances in a shorter time .
If you come to Linares , you could amuse yourself , and if you come forward to work you can do it .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
We live in a world that changes day to day and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
At the start of the 20th century , almost nobody had a car .
I guess it is back to normal now so I will have to get up again .
And , of course , as required , I can speak English quite well and have a certificate that shows it .
In Ukraine , young people are different too .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness and can easily help organise children 's sport activities .
Implement a tutorial to facilitate better usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
On the other hand , the question is whether this solution could be enough or not .
Do you know I came back from Budapest ?
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
This girl was an acquaintance of his .
My second and third nights were very strange because on the cameras the animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
OK , there are some fans who are n't good people , but the major football associations are trying to stop them and to abolish all bad things in football .
Henry kept on shouting at him to stop and not to betray his oldest friend . "
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I have been looking for a change as well as more personal growth .
A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for the competition .
Everything was fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
Hello , my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I was really pleased to receive your email .
I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
If you like to go shopping , you will have many choices .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
On the other hand , parents may have a lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
It is the most important element in the home of the future .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
While on placement , they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
But are they real ones ?
Also , when it 's winter you can see something called the northern lights .
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
My favorite sport is swimming .
Using a car can be more flexible for some individuals .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
I like a lot of songs , but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing too .
The door opened .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching for some information about colleges in England .
I have a dream to continue my studies to PhD level .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
It 's quite a strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather had travelled in time .
A revival of rock music has been seen in the past 10 - 15 years .
I hope to see you soon .
Human beings have destroyed our environment over time , and now the earth is in danger .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret it .
The first test has shown that I am very motivated and my skills almost fit with the possibility of being an entrepreneur .
While she was having some fun , a handsome boy bumped into her and she fell to the ground .
In conclusion , Physical Education is necessary in schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the capital of Russia .
She was terrified . She started thinking about the possibility of death .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
Introduction
The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
We use it to communicate with friends , to play games , to watch series , the list is endless .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better and not for the worse .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of the situation .
I have always been really good at English .
On the other hand , not everybody can own a car .
Yours faithfully ,
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I never went over my limit .
What I like the most about being with young children is the energy that they have and how innocent and peaceful they can be .
I would also like you to talk to the police department , because the police have to do their job and make sure we are all safe , not ignore us and say that everything is fine when everything is wrong .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
Why is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
If you need a trial session , I am more than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bar .
For example , you can travel to new places .
He must n't forget a word of it !
Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about myself .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
Celine realised that Michael was not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are mainly two TV groups .
Taking public transport can efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
I am planning to visit his company .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in the Qing Dynasty .
For example , if you go to work in England , you can say goodbye to the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
Hey John !
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
In the Romantic Age , we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Today , I work as an economics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brazil .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
Let her shine as gloriously
" Thank you " , I mumbled , and went straight to the fridge .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
Awaiting your prompt amendment .
( Meredith is leaving for the day .
Every year , we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered a universal truth .
In this way , we would have the possibility to change .
My main reason for loving it is how you feel when you play a match and , in the end , your team win .
But before the lesson , he had to have lunch with his family and take the dog to the vet 's for his annual vaccine .
However , I think it is very expensive , but with a decrease in the cost , there would be more people .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Chad Kroeger gave me their new CD and the entire band signed it for me .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
She taught me a lot of things , and is the most important figure in my life .
If I were you , I would give up sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
There were posters for entertainment , small ads for businesses , merchants used town criers , paying for events .
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and young people .
This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it is not without criticism in different areas .
It is all about trust .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
He could easily move from place to place at very convenient prices .
You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of the Crimea to Russia .
From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
Kate Ashby ,
In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think that this class discussion ca n't be true .
Tom had faith this day would be better than the others .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the chances of viewers remembering the brand .
For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
Hello ,
However , air pollution affects not only people 's health but also the whole environmental system .
Dear Principal ,
In my opinion . I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library , I would definitely try studying on a computer .
The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV programmes is becoming more and more prominent .
In this article a teacher reflects on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English .
The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have a positive attitude .
Although this soap involves a lot of cheating and plotting between characters , it also shows the importance of family values . I would definitely recommend this drama series to other people .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
I propose using fewer cars .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years in both personal and professional capacities .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
For example , driving a car , we can wear whatever we want and listen to the music at any volume .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
Mike
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
I think almost everyone loves parks , because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
Suddenly , a tumbledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
However , progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bringing up their children .
Look , they are still very young and they are all prone to bad influences through parties without parental control .
Lastly , everyone must understand that good health is above wealth .
I 'm a happy , energetic person who likes to work with children .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
She was a beautiful , tall , blond , Polish girl called Magda who worked as an architect in a studio in the center of London .
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
You should dress appropriately for the job that you want to get .
The restaurant has a very characterful decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
Another point of concern was transportation .
That was the best place I have ever been .
What a smell !
Being crowded in front of the employee makes people uncomfortable .
Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Public transport can cause problems for passengers due to increasing fares .
I hope that I have helped you and will see you soon .
Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
The waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
Simonetta
For next time , we would like to invite you to our woodhouse .
First of all , I want to emphasize reducing the use of plastics .
Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's cellar .
To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches you with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Ever since I met him , I have stopped feeling frightened when facing big dogs , and have even started to play with them .
our next generations .
When I was born , my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate in competitions .
And finally , as with everything , the day arrived .
I admire people who dare to do such sports .
Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
Love ,
He put the Gambia on the world map .
Being all the time at the centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
But maybe they could stop talking to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
First of all , we always need to wait for it and it runs according to the scheduled timetable only .
Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
I was born in 1989 and I have lived in Los Angeles since 2000 .
The poor boy said he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
Unfortunately , the thief was more intelligent than them because while they were speaking , he could run away with the books that he had just stolen .
The disadvantages of sites not included on the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
A hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
Vincenzo Manna
What do we do ?
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to improve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
Eco - tours are also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the use of public transportation .
When we have a meal , we ca n't eat before our parents and older people start to eat .
It is a beautiful place where people can go to have an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
Bye
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
At the end , Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
Since then , I met my teacher at the pool .
People from India and Pakistan coming to the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
Family characteristics such as eye and hair colour are inherited by children from their parents as are some diseases and mental disorders .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it having created more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
I woke up to the sound of the howling wind once again , in a state of vertigo .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I would be fine .
Without a doubt , the efficiency of the Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
What you actually think at such an extraordinary moment is that life could n't be more beautiful .
Hi Jo ,
He needed to follow his family to the town .
Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
I patiently await an answer .
I was interested in whether I could write such an article and win a prize .
It is quite hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to find out some exciting things about your private life .
I like dancing and singing too . I 'm very happy singing on the beach , especially if you are with me .
After a week , we went home .
University education is good for students but they also need to learn industry - specific skills .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
Dear Peter ,
It was on Saturday morning at around 10.30 .
Therefore , the next day she took me back to the store . We found out that they did not have the same scruff because it was the only one .
These pictures show us what detailed steps are taken by the bank to produce paper money into the application .
The ways of learning a language and mathematics are different .
Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
Best wishes .
What are your media sources or what ?
The company changed its name to ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
He is in a secondary role , but I am really sure you will have imagined as liar as me too .
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my CV .
I like my family and my friends .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
As volunteers , we also helped the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Also , I worked as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I looked after 3 , and 2 children , respectively .
He comforted me .
The inspection always has three results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and the partially damaged sheets .
She moved to Kyiv , graduated from university , and started to work .
This is how they started their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they had known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
The main advice would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
However , there 's always a channel that broadcasts a new episode .
I mean , it was September , so I had one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
In my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very surprising .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
I do n't only like soft music , I also like pop music and house music .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previous generation , when family , school and life in general worked in a different way , from my point of view .
I . I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Different ways of accumulating and storing information were presented at the discussion .
The responsibility of educational institutions is to make sure that he / she wo n't be in danger in the swimming pool instead of dissuading him / her from getting close to the water .
Let me know your opinion whenever you are ready ,
Environmental changes are really needed in the current situation .
It gives us a lot of pleasure and many moments of joy .
It is now the age of the computer .
The experience is unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
I haven't decided as yet where I will spend the summer .
I think I am the right person for you .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
In my view , the best solution to all problems would be the limiting of private transport in the centre , but not absolute banning .
I am a Dean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising the final chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
Can you tell me more about the possibility of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country ?
Yours faithfully
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the same people that submitted the test .
2 ) How many years of experience do you have in Accounting ?
Many students today like to study abroad to get a high standard of living , to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but you also do a lot of exercise .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you have n't met and you want to .
Dear friends ,
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
School work and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
To answer this question we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
It 's only for your safety .
In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
If you require any further information , do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
My day in London
One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ghost .
That is why , in fact , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martin as well .
Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
But we got this perception just because our eyes can see only a limited number of images in a time period .
The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult life .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
Does basketball have the fame that it deserves ?
Television and other things invented by technology are part of our lives .
The husband of Grace is called Charles .
Those who are not satisfied with the public transportation system may use private vehicles .
You can travel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and other historical cities .
First , I believe you should travel from the north of Italy to the south , in
I have always loved seeing my mom cooking and the fact that you have this in the camp just makes me happier .
The municipality of the town collects the garbage from the streets and roads and ships it to a
I pray every day to save my mother and all my family .
Sports or hobbies could be great options as new activities to plan at my college . However , I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man for you .
If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
If I were you , I would give up music and I am going to explain why .
To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers could not guard the whole wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
In fact , students learn lots of formulas and principles without actually linking them with one another in order to use them in real life .
Governments around the world have been talking a lot about the measures that should be taken to improve the quality of public transport .
Thus , I think the future of public transportation will be more prosperous .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden has .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a health club .
On the other hand , recently , many new and more advanced projects are realised more often by daring architects .
My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scientific way of thinking .
The Guardian article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
In ten years , they did n't change those things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
xoxo
It may be expensive to use for some individuals and crowded during rush hours .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject , for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
Due to globalization , there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English , but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career opportunities and achieve top level positions .
What is the recommended source for extracting the prepaid roaming revenues ?
Parents and children should be informed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in order to raise awareness and improve their quality of life .
Generally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyable experience or just a basic need in order to survive .
That moment is priceless .
I want to say a few words .
When the concert hall was full , the band came on the stage .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes and values that are shown by the people who work or study at universities .
Moreover , she has been to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a group of twenty kids .
Ca n't wait to see you !
In spite of the cost of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , but it is necessary .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
Maria could hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
On Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
Among them , a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
That girl , who had once been his best friend .
In this present study , however , the rowing time of the participants was not shorter than times without supplementation .
CLIL implementation is always a challenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking about subjects like Arts and Crafts , which are more based on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistic .
One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , and I had never received packages before !
We also invite guest speakers and organise fun events .
Some people from the area where I live usually feed the birds , but others do n't even care .
After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , we ca n't help you now " .
The old man answered $ 20,000 .
These are the most important facts about me .
Trash distribution , using green products that respect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff were injured .
Since microbiology was not yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
I think I 've some useful information for you .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
And hell , she needs at least one to do it .
The world is progressing rapidly . Day by day there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's desire had been stronger than her fears .
Therefore , running can let me feel happy .
On time , penictual
Tennis is an individual sport .
I was born to be a football player .
In my life I have had big experiences that have made me change and mature .
As for me , I 've got some rules .
Trivago does not choose radio to be their medium , as it is antiquated .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
As a result of this training , I have excellent communication and analytical skills .
We bought a television in 1888 . After that , I became a fan of cricket .
I also liked The Valley of the Temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing !
In contrast , today , everyone has the latest model of telephone or computer or whatever .
He is so brilliant ; he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
Laura Montalvo
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
You just need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for the weather .
For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The school could consider stepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people can always find distinct inspiration .
In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a few days are going to be enough .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
In spite of throwing rubbish in a bin , we also do some harm to the environment unknowingly .
I caught the bus and I waved to my mum .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved it .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' , Michael said .
At this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing you could turn the clock back , but it 's all no good .
We arrived on the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
Will I survive ?
The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
Fill in the application form and send it to us at the following email address :
With the passing of time , the entire world has become one concrete jungle .
We usually set our clocks back an hour in October .
The Home of the Future .
" Mission : Impossible " soars again with stunning fifth outing !
They must know , people will notice them , walking along the street .
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
Hello friends , welcome to Puerto . Here we have a lot of shops .
It seemed to be a dream vacation .
This form of transport can be used to avoid delays due to traffic conditions and parking restrictions .
One day , in the silence of nowhere , while Celine was reading a book , she felt someone beside her .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Hope that the next year will be better .
Finally , when they were in the car , Peter turned round and he saw a little boy in the road calling for help .
Wydra
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach their children .
I am a good cook .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't listening to everything that the teacher was saying .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Romans .
I know she is ill .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Maleficent had cast a spell when Aurora was young .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : communication .
Some pieces of advice :
He has never been serious in the entire 17 years of his life .
Even though it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
No one .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have a future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long - lasting life as well .
Although each household can make a real difference by taking good care of the area in front of their houses and keeping it clean .
The figure of Boris Yeltsin became the most popular one at that time the in world 's press .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cow 's offal must be contained within the beef ,
He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest in the spotlight on playhouses .
However , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not take care of their personal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted environment .
I will never forget this experience !
Today , with technology , friends are made at the click of a key , be it on social media or mobile devices .
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I had n't heard from you for ages .
If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend much money .
Laura Pérez
In this season I like to see the sun shine .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing for the competition a lot .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others laugh .
Two perfect stigmas for a man and a woman in general .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosa 's factory to a safer place .
I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt quite nervous .
Admittedly , some of the research needs investment in many resources that educational institutions can not afford .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year , it will be open to visitors and will surprise them with high - tech design and exclusive brands .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
In addition , it is very easy to make friends and communicate with somebody .
For instance , a network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine the comfort of a personal car and the work - load of public transportation .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
In the past , it was n't like that . People did not have cars . They just relied on public transport .
A lot of kids like to go to the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
The government should find a balance between economic development and agricultural development .
We also speak about noise .
Badminton is what I consider to be my favorite .
As a consequence , they have never talked to each other since then .
The chef can make the menu of the day for dinner or you can choose from a special menu .
Then comes the sound , the heartbeats .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all , to give you a great time .
Not far from the town lies the zoo .
Old buildings often do not provide opportunities to make any money . They only cost town planners a lot of money because they probably need to be renovated .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm in the fresh air and I do some exercise for my body .
Thank you in advance for the information .
They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods along the road .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than it was in the past .
Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in his mind .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
In the past , people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
In this situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatred and sadness .
People are still human beings and act completely normal .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
" Cada 's " product has the highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to respond to the threat represented by low - price imported ones .
Hello to everybody ! !
But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
My favourite film of the last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
Suddenly , Spooky turned up and ran away with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in a little part of Stockholm called Danderyd .
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
Hello , my name is Victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
Yours faithfully ,
Hence , studying and working side by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our village .
The mental processes , specifically the cognition ones , tell us that she has thought a lot about what she did and that she was wrong .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advanced Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
This month , on the 9th , I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
She did n't know exactly why , but she had the feeling .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot where the boy died .
The characters in charge of the four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelson .
On the other hand , people should think about the environment , pollution , global warming , which are all currently warning .
When and where are you going hiking ?
From : Branislava Sidorov
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Even though any mode of transportation is not bad , for me the train is the best option .
Have you ever heard of it ?
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends via Facebook , uploading photos at any time , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delights that are on offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
In addition , I believe my international exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to the company .
We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you . The least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
She devoted all her free time to experiments on linking her math homework with programming of a music equalizer .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because difficulties arise , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
It is a clean and environmentally friendly city .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
However , their children do not have a special place , so it is recommended you arrange a safe place for them to play .
I think there are good TV programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
I strongly recommend that the programme organisers should make interest - free loans available to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
Love ,
When I arrived home , I just wanted one thing , to sleep , so I did .
On the one hand , public transport helps you avoid wasting money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Unfortunately , it is very sad to say that people in my town do not care about the environment .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
They made that decision on their own .
Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
Three things that I could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
And , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skates .
What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views and jokes . That 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
Next Monday , I am going to India .
I started playing soccer when I was four .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
We depend on cars so much , as if they are our spare pair of feet .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proven to be necessary in a class with varied levels of student .
Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
By the time he arrived at the riverbank , some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
The shadow kept walking and running from what Michael supposed was a threat .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
I need to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like Michael Phelps .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
A freestyle skater who can make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the rhythm is an artist .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
The parents have to give education to the children and , obviously , love .
First of all , this is a report that will explain how the city of Vancouver handles their rubbish .
Even though cooking is not my favorite chore , I would n't mind working in the kitchens .
Continuous updating , as a method of self - presentation , is one of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
I think travel by boat is one of the worst ways to travel if you get seasick .
Now let 's return to the present , because we have a lot of work to do if we want to live in that kind of future , eventually .
This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : killed everyone that he hated .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre full of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it would be a better idea to build a changing room with more space in that particular place .
Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about another country .
I located them instantly because I recognized their hats .
If you are going to begin playing football , you need football boots . You also need protection for the legs .
I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
There are a lot of bad people in the street .
However , I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
In addition , I am used to working hard , so I can also help in the kitchen .
In India , cricket is worshipped and players are lord .
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
The last step is the inspection . Sheets are manually inspected .
Improving the respiratory system .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . When were you last on a school trip ? Where was it and what did you see ?
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
Personally , I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like looking good .
The program represents 2% of employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise . There was a small present left on the ground .
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people , but it was for her .
Moreover , I had many problems with English grammar .
See you soon ,
Technology and , mostly , mobile phones , are part of children 's and parents ' lives , so schools should n't ban it , but look for alternatives in order that they do n't have a negative effect in education .
I 've been playing this sport since I was six years old .
A variety of selections from different brands are available .
Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
Hi !
It makes me lose weight easily without making any effort .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
Last time , it was , for example , delivering my drunk boss home ;)
Although it had bad reviews , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention the fact that Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
We live in the century of speed .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
There are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands ! It had all just been a nightmare !
For all these reasons , I feel that I have a lot to offer your summer camp .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
We were so excited when we went in .
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but at the same time hard to describe .
My job was checking the song list which singers would perform .
If you want to visit it , book a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
My fiance is 28 years old .
He was always talking about following your dreams and never giving up .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadel , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
For instance , parents tend to instil their own passions in their children and , consequently , they will likely be interested in the same academic or artistic field .
Before focusing on the topic of technology itself , I would like to mention some aspects related to education .
The surgery was successful .
She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
It means that you want to transform the dialog into a monolog ; moreover , unknown people in the same environment as you frequently do not want to know about your thinking .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
All the answer I could get was a huge silence ...
It would be my pleasure to visit the States again and take part in activities I enjoyed doing as a teenager .
She wants to try a different way of life like ordinary girls .
As a result , they are easily attracted by the allure of wealth , which leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
In order to score , you should push a small white plastic ball into the goal using a stick .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
I instantly wanted to be her friend .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Despite the fact that sports are hard work , doctors are always saying that sports improve our health .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need or for things that they need .
Home should be associated with family , happiness .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interacted and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
I think that the urban buses have improved in Cáceres .
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and most environmentally friendly city in the world , Even cleaner than Paris or other cities in Europe .
The fares are high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
After that , having said that , I can clearly write down my opinion on this question .
I am very enthusiastic about being with kids .
It is very important because this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
On the other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you will find something interesting .
From soldiers who served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
This would allow considerable numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity which they would otherwise be unable to take .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but in a different way to Vietnamese parents .
The night has been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence greatly .
My favorite foods are pizza , tacos and kebab .
However , I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
I am a homebody type .
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
We always rent a little cottage from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
They are very happy with me , because my marks are good .
Taking the place of general networks like you find on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at individuals , businesses and society .
The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
Good to hear from you .
Nevertheless , in my opinion , the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
This means he still loves her , but at the same time , he 's still hurt .
We went to New York for four days .
Even in this album , the band abandon their own roots and add a bite of the pop genre to it .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
" I do n't know . " said the familiar male voice . "
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang , so she felt very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
Another good thing about the town is that it is n't lacking in shopping facilities .
I 've been through all these things .
What is difficult is that teachers have already given us all the homework for the week .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
Monday , I had the typical " family day " . I ate with all my family in our cottage .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat , it usually does n't have enough room to swing a cat .
This is bad , because it will be necessary to work as team in their future job and then they will face serious communication problems .
You can also enjoy the company of those travellers sharing the same transport .
Lots of love ,
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
Besides this , we often visit our neighbouring towns and educate them on the issues of global warming , the threat to ecological balance etc . , and guide them on how to protect our environment .
There are two advantages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media sites in the future .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .
It 's important to understand that you are responsible for your surroundings and people around you .
As a result , quality would be guaranteed .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to do some activities , such as worldwide travel or camping for days .
I have a bachelor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in computer science .
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and things like that ?
However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
This confirms " The Exorcist " as a great film .
he price for independent transport will increase dramatically .
preference .
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attractions .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team composed of the four best illusionists .
XYZ
When it comes to change , we can think of what in our lives is still inconvenient and could probably change .
For example , if you are in a bad mood , the first person that will come to you to make you smile is your mom or dad .
She 's my favourite singer .
Nowadays , it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things for a higher price .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena , which is famous for its landscapes .
You have asked for a waiter in your cafe .
This goal pushes me to do better and better each time .
As soon as I reached there the chair disappeared and I landed on the floor with a thump !
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which would lead to more advanced and high - quality teaching .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
It looks very stupid .
Like his mother , he would work as an advocate .
At a certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little help .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
My niece 's wedding was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
Yours faithfully ,
In conclusion , shopping can be and usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand the contents of your wardrobe , but also , to relax and have a great time .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party because I do not like those kinds of parties , but I wish you good luck ! Almos
Hello Sam !
He always smiles when he 's talking .
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay . You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country .
The survey was carried out by means of a questionnaire given to the male and female students to complete .
However , does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
My dream house would have two floors , a big garage and , of course , a blue swimming pool bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white path from the outside door towards the porch .
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
It is believed that the fun fair will be held successfully this year too .
I have experience of taking care of children and it is a task that I really enjoy .
There are different dangers of a military nature , such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
Public transport is a very useful resource . You can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
So my dear blog ( I heard that 's the way I have to interact with it ) , you will be about nothing .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
Lucila has always wanted to work with children and she is interested in a job that would also help her develop her English skills .
" The Good Samaritan "
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur . I did the T - Rex and my classmate assembled a Raptor .
When it comes to our environment , the use of public transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
We always believe that a city should never compromise the environment for the sake of development .
It is easier and more convenient .
In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result , as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
I know I would benefit a lot from the experience .
They could live with this fact .
They believe that it is unnatural .
It 's just my opinion , because this is my life , so I know what I am talking about .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second , it is my hobby .
It is a majestic castle conveniently located on the river .
Where you can have an amazing night
Teenagers are the main target who drink too many soft drinks .
I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid they wo n't , they 've been working so much !
People have had a need for communication since the dawn of time .
It has also influenced international relations not just within the post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked by a crash of bipolar structure in international relations .
Best regards .
As you can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and find out something new about them .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
It is also important , though , not to underestimate all the educational possibilities that it gives you , as sometimes you can learn more from a documentary than from a school book .
She knows all about me .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum , to be precise .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
I am applying for the vacancy in the summer camp .
I encourage you to contact me with any questions or concerns .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going shopping with my mother .
I think that this will be tragic ! Also , all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
Sara had left our hire - car keys on the table and had paid no attention to them for a while .
The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
That is why I love pets .
The letter that changed my life
We still have many problems to solve in our city .
The weather report said the ceiling was at 180 metres .
You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
The fruits , mentioned above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest ( berries ) .
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some is n't .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
On the other hand , it could be complicated , but nobody complains .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Nevertheless , today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
You must be a person in charge and a worker , and you will be able to find good work .
The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
Finally , the holidays have started .
Dear Jo
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
However , now it seems that they do not care what happens .
There are many people who worry about them and are willing to help and support them .
Just keep thinking about this advice and let me know if you have any concerns .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
As normal human beings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it . It 's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
I chose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
And since then , it 's the most pain .
He sat on his chair and looked out of the window .
We should use them but we must not forget about books .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separate from the United Kingdom .
These days , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenience .
You might make some good friends in this way .
Television can educate in several ways . To mention some : by providing and extending information given on certain courses at school , and by providing information that is not even taught at school .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people . Many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
You do n't know if you will ever have another chance . "
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and went out of the room , closing the door , and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
My name is Farit .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both the environment and travellers .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall , I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
Secondly , I love its freedom ; no pun intended .
Good luck ! Best wishes !
I know the only time you have to go there is in the morning , before you go to work , so I would like to ask you to give priority to changing the water for my bird , and seeing if there are still enough seeds in her bowl which , by the way , are in a box next to the cage .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
For that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in person , and look forward to hearing from you soon .
I would definitely recommend anyone who would like to start this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
In ancient times , every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were stronger than children in today 's world .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , and I spend some money on my bike .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search for them .
First of all , I have considerable experience of working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) , which I find really enjoyable .
And we can see these examples in many situations , when we find inept and incompetent workers .
, to have more fun with friends whom we meet on our summer holidays abroad .
The wind was freezing cold , and now he had to walk to the office , which was a 25-minute walk away .
I am also very energetic , playful and creative .
Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
However , the most impressive thing is the range of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
I have written many poems , a few articles and even a few stories .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
I have seen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
By February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of taming the mind and the body .
I hold the opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
They argue that a large number of people prefer travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
I would describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person who likes working with children .
This sample size allows us to perform multiple data analyses ( multivariate and SEM ) .
Now I have them almost just for me .
There are family problems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
In conclusion , I would really like politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get around much more easily .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
And if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , you may run into the Queen and greet her , and at the same time enjoy the fabulous sight of all those extravagant hats the ladies wear .
To sum it up , we were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
Mario Monteagudo
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much about that .
Alice had gone around the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
They controlled his mind .
There are two teams and each team has the same number of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
In general , people have the possibility to study in libraries or using computers .
A short summary of the OCPM- model : there are organizational variables that determine the visible and invisible behavior of employees .
Hi Lara ,
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
In spite of this , summer is a very good time to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
The New Music
A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods in the place .
This leads , among other things , to the possibility for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes an inability to establish meaningful relationships .
I think English is , in fact , very important because , first of all , despite not being the most spoken language in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countries .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it out .
Take my cat , Luka , for example . I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I was 12 years old .
You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have one either .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can help me .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
What I can tell from this text is that the research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve their success .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because the team give you love , companionship and you can have a very good time .
Creating fun activities is an important role of summer camp workers .
Please , let me follow my heart , at least for the first time in my life .
Sports Club
I read about your summer camp on the internet and I would love to work with you .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had great value in training for surgical treatment .
It was the day of her birthday , so she decided to go out with friends .
Franco .
Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , together with my own view on it .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other countries .
I have been many times to different places that I did n't know before .
There are different types of public transport that people use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
It 's done by skilled machinists .
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
I do n't like spiders or shoots .
However , raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard work .
However , their whole lives will be turned upside down when an eligible bachelor and his friends set up home in a nearby mansion .
I like Ricki Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team driver .
However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
Further , this has extended to the secondary school .
Shoes are to protect and prevent your health . You have got only one pair of feet , look after them .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances to humans .
This results in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mutual understanding without many words .
It is definitely not environmentally friendly .
However , being able to protect themselves against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
With love from Dimitri .
He always writes gentle words , uses cute smileys , Facebook kisses and hugs , but when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
All that you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit of luck that there is no traffic .
My favourite sport is tennis .
In other words , taking care of pets is absolutely beneficial to children so long as they are given an opportunity .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
When the examination was over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her her exam was .
1- it makes me fit and healthy
This causes their reproductive systems to be destroyed .
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
If there are any positions available , then please give one to me .
He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
In addition to fresh ideas , it should be remembered that to get a government job , one has to successfully a rigorous screening process .
Despite their beauty , new forms of art are very complicated to understand , especially compared to the classical arts .
Respectfully yours ,
For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
Cause of my leg was hurt .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
On the other hand , Cáceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated ; we are living in our own world .
Television entertains as well as educates people .
A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
If the French and British spoke the same language equally , trade would go up by 44 per cent .
It 's a great funny movie , especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal training and practice .
I am looking forward to your reply .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Attached to this letter of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
In the meantime , if people prefer to take buses or subways , there will be less noise in the streets .
No ! He had never acted like this .
Consequently , I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
Two years ago , I won a nice cap .
That is why I feel traveling in your own car is the best thing that can happen to a person .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Dear Katy
My favorite song is " All about that Bass " by Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .
On this networking site , users create pages that represent them in some way .
Additionally , taking public transport costs less .
There are many reasons why football is my favorite game .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do window shopping .
I just slept and watched movies at home .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very boring .
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because , with my swimming and climbing knowledge , I can entertain the children .
On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress . It is a fact .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabirds or fish are feeding on plastic .
In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
Consequently , I had to leave .
Generally speaking , cars generate more pollution than any public transport .
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
The second facility is public buses .
I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
Yes , be strict .
Means - End Chain
Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay overnight in your own car .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is in hospital for 14 days .
Like many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and things like that .
They emit no gas into the air , leading to little air pollution .
How much are the costs and how often will we have the lessons ?
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
To find out more information about having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Please , send us the actual strip material price .
If something is n't catchy , it will not attract people 's attention .
Second , open discussion in class helps you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
His name was Michael .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their lives .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My husband and me often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
A scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with identifying problems and then studying all factors and related information .
The unusual scenario and the great actor , Hugh Laurie , made the result really innovative for a TV series .
Michael could n't bring himself to enter one , too proud to admit he needed people 's company after a long year of being a single guy because he , on the spur of the moment , decided to split up with me .
He picked up the phone and dialled the number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
Nonetheless , it helps to shape your own personality .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel did n't have anything to eat ....
She gives classes from 8 o ' clock in the morning until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
Recommendations for tourists
Now , people are more aware and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear very soon .
His mom would kill him !
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
The best three teams in the national league can take part in the champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
Now I 'm doing something , although I will probably never see the fruits of my labor .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages of both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate their different skills in the language classroom .
Because of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffic .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting , as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
To pursue a career which is relevant to the field of Mechanics and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to have challenges and yearn for the sense of accomplishment .
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
Best Regards ,
Rasa
Upstairs , there would be a games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally , a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could watch our favourite films .
The Future of Public Transport
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught the amateur cooks how to make bread .
When he was 21 years old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
I think it 's true that travelling by car will be more popular .
I am studying environmental science .
A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
Before the contest starts .
Every game is different .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
In the age before industrialisation came into existence , people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
I agree with the statement .
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
What game are you playing ?
Concerning your inquiry about working in my country , it 's really difficult to get authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
If I had known that there would be so many problems , I 'd have gone abroad instead to get married .
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes . As an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
Volleyball is a discipline which I have been practising for 6 years .
It was raining and it was dark .
The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
He came across the slave masters in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
There 's no question which is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to have our last farewell dinner there .
As we know , every person wants to achieve success in their lives .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
What do you think about that ?
How is life going on with you and dad ?
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise sauce . It is a very good combination .
You can buy them as a small present for your family members or friends .
If the sheet is good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to change cities .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers are responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has made in 2 years .
So now the most important factor is that mobile networks are reaching the remotest areas in the world .
- I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
Dear Grandmother ,
The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
Can you imagine my reaction when he told me about it ?
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pet as if they are their psychiatrist .
For me , as a passionate soccer player , it is a good point to consider .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque . It is a building where Catholic and Arabic elements are mixed .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
For new tennis players , I recommend knowing how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to place your feet .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
When study hard at high school , you will be
It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's in the team .
Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and , last but not least , although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
She forgot about books .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
public transport
Some people say that the computer changes the way people see the world , and this changes the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas , played by Antonio Banderas .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
Hope to hear from you soon ,
In my opinion , every country should have different kinds of public transport ;
retirement .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
I sent the plane into a deep dive and landed safely .
It is a fight for a better and healthier future .
From there we went to the mall , and finally , to Juanca 's house .
Buy a good racket , put on a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with and start to enjoy yourself .
The only thing he knew when he got to Mandy 's house was this : The world does n't turn around him .
Our world 's great scientists have invented the internet to solve various distant problems .
Dream walked towards me and said " Do you know how to satisfy a lady ?
Secondly , owning a car is not a normal thing for most developing or undeveloped countries .
They think the student can spend that year in a job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
That 's the decent way to reduce the adverse environmental impact and we will be able to protect our Earth .
Love ,
Having your own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual , including me .
I ca n't go to the barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
He was very naughty and was not very interested in his studies .
I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
Ask her . )
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and customs .
He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
Tom was the kind of person that is always there for his friends .
However the general appearance wo n't be different .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay attention while you are in front of a TV screen .
But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the games anymore .
In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
I am fond of running !
I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .
Also there are a lot of educational channels .
Last but not least , we are entering a digital era .
It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
We can work out our place in the world .
On some means of transport it is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stand .
I am waiting for some instructions about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was fickle .
Do you have any plans for next Sunday ?
The number of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
Nevertheless , identical twins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in different environments show differences in their personalities .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
He is tall and smart . He looks like a movie star .
And the longer you stay in a place different from what you are accustomed to , the more opportunities you have to really understand what makes people behave a certain way , what they really like and dislike and how their community works .
Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not .
Which was the best thing that ever happened to me .
Dear Friend
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport at which Britain can still hold its head high .
My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 years old and I attend the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what people are speaking about in a foreign language .
One day I decided to buy a newspaper .
First of all , being without a home is a horrible problem .
At the end of the third school day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall and asked if I wanted to join them that night for dinner .
In addition , English is not too difficult to learn .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
If you are not very hungry .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show an important social status .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
Based on my understanding of this position , you offer full on - the - job training to your employees and encourage their involvement with all laboratory activities .
Moreover , I am very active and hardworking , as you request .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks that make this place fantastic .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
Fifteen years ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have cameras with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
People that would like to start this sport , should know that this is not just a sport .
The experience with the film was amazing , because we laughed all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
There are several shopping centres in different areas of the city .
Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
Your only job here is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
I live right by the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned to cook and serve tables .
The booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Office , " instructions for British Servicemen in France " is still useful for most , nowadays .
Most people in Bali rely too much on their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
In Andalusia , at Easter , the typical dessert it 's called " pestiño " .
I live in Deria which is located in Dubai .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
It may be for a day , a week , or a longer period of time .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are experiencing and facing in Iraq .
Write soon !
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
Yours faithfully ,
Phone Number : + 200123456789
He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to catch up with the class .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxing activity .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
Dear Sir / Madam .
To be honest , I was not very attracted by the spirit of the city at the very beginning of my stay .
Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years ago .
Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . There were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service beginning 7th August for one year .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a good time .
Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
Finally , Diesel was found alive and was evacuated to the medical center , while Jason was taken to the jail .
I have explained two important aspects of sexual harassment .
For example , when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
So no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
Has my writing improved and how did this happen ?
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operations , not just focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
Also , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
Even the way of studying has changed .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes according to the weather .
I would like to point out another of his attributes , which is his pride .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
They searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
However , taking your own car is much more useful .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world about some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
Seems simple , but looks beautiful . Sometimes simplicity is the most perfect accessory .
Some are happy to stay put because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
So what about next month , 12th of December ? I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
Date : 17 January 2015
However , there might still be room for public transport in the future , especially in big cities .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
I consider myself to be ideally suited to this job for several reasons .
The family has a blood bond , so we have a natural empathy .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed of securely .
Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
My all - time favourite sport is basketball .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
They both knew what would happen if Tris 's husband found a stranger in his house .
Secondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person leaves their own country , going away from family members and close friends .
I like a lot of food and drink .
We all need a shelter where we can hide from daily difficulties .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded for a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things : souvenirs , fashion and food .
I play with them in the playground .
I 'm glad you have graduated from school and that you have plans to go to university .
These offer a campsite , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bath with a nice view .
As my sister constantly says , " You 're lucky because you have the memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nothing . "
It was a dark night , so he could barely see .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
Line of Duty , a powerful and gripping drama that gets the nation talking
It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
Trucks have made the air unhealthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is given off by a lot of factories .
Our government prefer to keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their minds .
I think that books are better than their film versions .
I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
Those operating at senior levels within a country 's military , for example , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions that could cause the needless loss of life .
But if you haven't read it , I suggest you read it .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on well with everyone .
For example , transport .
I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
I like it because it is very funny .
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of this statement . Advertisements for young kids , not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
We do n't have enough time today ,
There is also another free program that is called Skype , where you can talk to each other and text each other totally free !
He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they would have a great time .
Sometimes , our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to doing exercise , then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort .
One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
We need a vehicle to reach our workplace .
Best wishes ,
But does it actually have a future ?
It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as a reality inseparable from man , where it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
Nikais19
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruined their life , alienating them from friends and family .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat Mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
They will not consume such a large number of beverages .
As I had arrived just as they opened at 1 pm , I had the whole place to myself .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
Learn how to walk before learning how to run . The opponents contend that children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
The press editors often alter details so that they get material that sells well .
Travelling on a boat is a great adventure for sure .
There are lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
In my city is very usual to find a lot of dog shit in the road .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for successful studying .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacancies .
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
for the position you recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also have
Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
I hope you 're fine .
I remember that my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Also , if a city is small , people should walk to different places since everything is near to their houses .
Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
Public transport has a timetable .
Also I like watching every kind of film .
It happened to me once and was very uncomfortable .
No one had ever responded to his demands .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raised lots of money .
The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
- Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village .
I always try to obey the rules , but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
Like glass , plastic or paper containers .
That get to the second problem I had , and still have now : my weight .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
If I have to stand out any weakness I would say that is a bit predictable .
Without a second thought I decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there appeared thousands of people .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
I think all people love sport .
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
And , since it 's a summer camp and I do n't have homework to do , I would put all of myself into this job .
He understands that the shadow was the ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
Whenever possible , I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
I 'm going to buy a DVD of ' Frozen ' .
For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
My email address is xxxxxxxx .
Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twenty - three years old and I live in Argentina .
So they made a plan to display all ...
It sounds like a scary science fiction scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only material wealth .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport passes as a benefit .
I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
I was sure that I had n't left the window open .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
To kick off your day , give your body enough energy in the form of proteins .
But recently he had started to think that it was time to change .
When you go far in a tournament , you have to play a lot of games .
Secondly , closed trash bins are provided for the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
There are different types of extreme sports . For example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in a magazine .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
It is one of my favourite free time activities .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
We fly by plane or something else .
I 'm studying teaching at college because I want to be a teacher .
I am planning to gain admission at the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic on the blood system .
Line of Duty is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in social media and having the sense of an audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online as a result .
PS : we have to meet
There are not many trees there and a lot of high mountains .
My favourite sport is Karate .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and teachers to deal with exam stress .
He walked as fast as someone who knows the way .
They usually go abroad because they do n't have so many responsibilities . It just prepares them for their professional future .
It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and its obstacles .
First of all , I 'm really happy you accepted my invitation .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of mission statements around the world .
Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
Yours faithfully ,
Time travel !
I will mention some of the reasons why and times when shopping can be unenjoyable .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a decision about what I want to do next year . I am going to study at the university .
INTRODUCTION
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
Many people liked and bought my hand - made toys .
There were a lot of them .
But , finally , I have decided to vote for one of them .
I was told that I was a natural player when I was young .
First of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probably in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the last 30 years .
Finally , I hope to have my own business .
I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men , and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday , which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Yes , it 's true that the car is far more convenient than public transport .
The company told Louis that they wanted to invest in this project and help Louis .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel has been invented but is used only by criminal organizations who send those they want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
Dear Lucky ,
As our country is developing , there will be a time when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commuting from one place to the other .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
This summer I am bringing a group of 12- to 14-year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
I 'm going to talk about Doctor Who , a British sci - fi TV show about an alien called the Doctor who travels through time and space in a police box called the TARDIS ( Time and Relative Dimension in Space ) .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants to start this sport , I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
And in the evening , you can go to the open - air cinema .
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
I was not expecting any letters .
The public love to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
If it is very cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very hot , I wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight vest and sunglasses .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma on his left shoulder .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also identify weaknesses of students specifically .
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
It 's also good for the cardiovascular system .
Courage can change lives .
If so , you will know all the benefits but also the effort that it takes .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons to wearing the latest fashion .
This could be seen as something minor , but being able to do the sport you love without paying is an incredible advantage .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings better .
I could n't imagine a life without her . She 's the best person I ever met .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
In my opinion , Seville was rather disorganized and not very charming and its citizens rather rude .
Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
Travelling on public transport is cheaper .
We had had lunch , so we started a little walk .
Actually , I 'm one of those fans who are sad about the 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Who with , because I started watching the TV show when he was playing the main role .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
Unarmed , at attention , and protecting the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and those who came to his assistance , exemplify the true meaning of being Canadian .
For education , every developed country is concerned with the issue .
Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
A week later , he found that Marianne was cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't have the mind to remember the name of .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us slim and healthy .
I love dancing and I do ballet , which requires a lot of discipline .
The Forbidden City , especially , is the largest architectural complex which is the best - kept in the current .
I have to say that feeling was really awesome .
Therefore , I would like to firmly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
It is a fact that pollution is one of the biggest concerns of the modern world .
The chilis restaurant at 123 Street , Toronto , is really a great place to hang out .
I am so glad to receive your message .
The environment is an important part of our life , contributing in a positive way to our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
I did agility with my dog .
It is always interesting to communicate with native - speakers of a foreign language comfortably .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message , it would be a great favour to me .
Talk to you later !
Most of us are living in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
Though the modern cities are emerging rapidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the environment are severely various .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
If you are going to start doing it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
It was , after all , an amazing experience .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Saharan Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
I am the right person for you .
One day when Michael was out at work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
There you will see bus stops in the street .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to using public transport , and it will not disappear .
Best ,
Peter 's father was the mayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm down and inform the people regularly .
Michael went to get the case .
She does n't want to leave me .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses on the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
The bus is a democratic form of transport , which is used by students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
clothes trends change very quickly .
That was ridiculous .
We worked all summer in the weight room and ran on the track to get in physical and mental shape before the season .
He has been done several laws again Spanish citizens .
There are four main characters : the hotel owner , a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers , a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
It will also describe the possible housing prospects in the coming years and the consequences for young people .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique and homely atmosphere .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . That way , people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
A survey about the kind of customers for our product revealed that most of them are young adults .
We raised € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance at our event .
" Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the woman whose name was Mindy .
What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
To sum up , it is important to motivate young people to do physical exercise .
On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
A lot of products , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvenirs are sold here .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
This can be noted in the fact that I was head of entertainment at my High School for two years .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
Old computers used to occupy one entire room , now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
But in my opinion , a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
As far as I am concerned , there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
If you come in Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy Easter Week and Feria week .
But at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
If they are your best fiends , they will guide you and help you to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backs on you .
I would like to apply for this vacancy because I think I have most of the requirements that you are asking for .
Most of all , I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
How many cars for all of the people in the world ?
We were also happy , but in Michael 's head there were a lot of things .
l loved that day spent with my family .
Nuclear energy is one of most important sources to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
And then , Allison 's body is found .
There could be many reasons that lead to the need to learn new languages but , the advantages are vast .
And there could also be robots . Why not ?
All the best ,
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
He is my favourite person , and he always takes care of me .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
There are some images of my family on the wall .
What do people think about teenagers ?
After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
Hi Anne ,
But it was n't .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
We hope you will be able to take all this into account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
" I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
For example , the planetarium in a navigation room for learning about the position of stars , four small boats used to practice leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for creating situations which seldom arise .
Football matches attract a lot of spectators , who come supporting their favorites .
There are two good reasons for not using public transport in the future .
Maybe , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easily , like going to Europe .
Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by being unconditional , reciprocal , and ready to forgive each other .
My favorite club is Barcelona and my favorite country is Cameroon although I am from Liberia .
even that price behind fuel for car .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life - threatening pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
One night , as usual , I was sleeping .
Are you nervous when you have to speak in public ?
It was a 10-day trip .
For somewhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement in big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
If you want to meet young people , I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
It was enormous , with huge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sea and the shore .
But my good men told me one important sentence .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
Last night I made a decision .
Most Bulgarian parents do not agree with their children starting school at 6 years old .
On the one hand , we have technology .
In others sports , this is not the case .
In many developing countries , the government rarely attach special importance to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
Cars nowadays have technology that allows both drivers and passengers to have a better journey while listening to music or using the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
" Historically , the Jirga System dates back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
Also , being regularly on the computer is a way to damage your eyesight .
Last year , a group of little kids came to university and we had to teach them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sports and activities .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ...
It demonstrates all the steps from searching for a hotel , choosing selection criteria and comparing the price of different hotels .
She ran forward but was far from home .
Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering sustainable development .
A curious fact is that , out of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets it apart from the others .
When I asked him if he had read the book The Little Prince by Exupéry because I was feeling like a fox , he asked me in an offended manner , if I knew Larry , the comedian .
Unfortunately , in recent years , television has lost this educational focus .
However , others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
After leaving London , I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children 's hospital in York .
They also play many interesting sports .
Moreover , alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to get well .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
The governments are also important for taking care of the environment .
And it is hard to plan a trip like this .
I am very keen on computer games too .
There are many reasons why plane travel is the way to go .
While I was dancing , she pushed my by accident , she did n't notice it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life , especially in the first few months .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
In my opinion , there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect them , we will not help our habitat .
I see most of them like to stay in the park downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a man versus a woman doing the same job .
There are two separate communication networks in the city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
To get to Big Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , a red bus .
He can make friends easily .
Hi Jo ,
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move to a country that is living through a civil war .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
This speaks to the idea of the government or another organization having control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
The waiter came and took the order .
If you want to take up swimming , I would recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as you are doing exercise .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can make your stew pot tasty , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
So I was feeling very anxious in case the car broke down on Aricha highway .
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
Hello Stefan !
It is well accepted that when you become a famous person you lose your privacy .
Although he was always wondering if it was a blessing or a lesson I be competing .
The baby 's name was Nemo .
But in fact , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a hurry .
And for now , she is one of the most popular models in the world , not only in the school .
I play football because I like it but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
The people of Russia are becoming masters of their destiny .
If we were all aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
This can range from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the government .
I would like to recommend a famous person who 's name is Mr. Chou .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
His excited students began going to their homes with this work , since they had only 4 days to fulfil their task .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
If I am selected for an interview
Even though there is no definite consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there are some facts about the extremes of them .
They love me just because I am me , for who I am .
In just a split second the whole incident was explained .
It was an excellent night .
I am writing in reply to your job advertisement that I saw some days ago and I think this would be the right opportunity for me .
After a couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time , we will be depending on it .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Hi Isabel
Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
Hey Paul
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
He had come to Agatha 's investigation office to ask her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
Every day I take public transport .
I was wrong about only one thing : I had loved it long ago .
He talked about a plan relating to Sanabria .
Then , sheets of bank notes are printed 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour images on both sides in special ink .
Holidays are mostly about relaxing . Therefore , I disagree with always trying new things .
It can always make us save money and make the environment more natural and fresh .
I had a love affair .
I 'm interested in philosophy as well ; I enjoy writing essays about psychological or philosophical subjects , so every now and then I write an essay in my free time .
I think this is a traitor 's action .
I recommend you to use public transport .
For those interested in top fashion brands , I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
And one of the most important things for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
Another thing to add is not being stressed the night before the exam .
The doctor asked for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
" I ca n't . "
If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
The new tennis court was found very useful because most members of the club claimed that they liked playing tennis .
Dear Sir / Madam
Finally , there is the loss of traditional meals .
It 's very cheap as well : apart from your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
My most terrifying day was January 23rd last year .
They will have to concentrate on the game and enjoy it .
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
See you soon !
For him , as one of the top sheld paid players of the European league , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
The last film I saw was called " The Others " but it is not a recent film .
At that moment , the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answered me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
Everyone , even his own Sara .
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
I take care of a horse called Lady .
So , it is necessary to find a solution in order to make young people keep fit in a motivated way .
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
He said bad words that he would regret saying . he went to his room . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Installation of solar heaters , solar lights , using solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
If you want to go to the cheap shops , you have to go to Teremky .
I know that I have not written it but I have a brother .
You have enough time to try to use your abilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
At the hospital , the doctor put me on a drip and after some hours I felt better .
Do you like to socialize and meet new people ?
going to work or travelling by car .
I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
Furthermore , it would be useful to have a chronometer to check out your improvement .
And think deeply about the problem of protecting the environment .
We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around and feel at home in their accommodation .
But it also shows the new products .
For governments , restrictions on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
It is located between neighborhoods with aesthetic characters in the Alhijaz design area .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
It is cheaper to buy it .
I was excited to get back into the classroom . I would mainly teach online that day , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because , in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
On the contrary , the reality was inconsistent with what he expected .
This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
In the past , cars were only affordable for the upper classes , while for the middle class and lower there were not many choices for them besides walking and public transportation .
Cars symbolize wealth .
I have been living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
It was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
If you ever need more of these proposals , you can ask us !
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Kind Regards ,
There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
Enjoy
2º ADE - TURISMO
I do several sports , but my favourite is football .
Those two times were with the orchestra that I play in .
I consider that something should be done in order to balance the pros and cons of having mobile phones present in schools , because , firstly , students are the ones who must be present and , what is more , their learning process also must be there .
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things . What and who do you miss ?
Moreover , the special effects which are used are so immense and cause us to feel the emotions of the actors .
As the population grows , you will see an increasing problem .
They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and , what 's more , they do n't do any exercise .
One of my favorite restaurants in Málaga is called Sun and Shine .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meters tall located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
First of all , a car gives such a valuable thing as privacy .
In the motivation part , I also received a high score in needing challenges , as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they might develop my knowledge and abilities .
" Blue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks , so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
It is never the attractive option , but it is the one which shows more solidarity .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for people to be more healthy too .
For many people , parents are teachers in our life .
Finally , it depends on what works for you , because you have to constantly remember the time that you do your tasks .
They live in the moment .
In addition , could you tell me what job in the kitchens I should do ?
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I 'm a committed , responsible , and organized person .
This is an important feature that will also help anyone in all spheres of life .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One of them could be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
- Some experts think that it is a good thing .
Dear camp director :
Respected teachers and all my friends
1 , Álamo Street
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
Enclosed I also send the reference letters written by the director and supervisor of the Talent Proof Association , where I worked with children , in order to support my social skills and crisis management competence .
Government jobs carry with them serious responsibilities .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés in the market square .
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
Just follow the daily regimen .
You can travel alone .
The line graph illustrates the amount and type of fast food eaten by teenagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
In this report I am going to talk about how my town takes care of the environment .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
Also , after people talk to her , they always want to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friend .
Using public transport is " healthier " than using a car for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
The floor was very dirty and I could not even go out because all the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standing near our door .
The restaurant 's slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live out that phrase .
For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
However , the safekeeping of these practices should never become a priority over the wellbeing of the collective .
Going travelling , people may schedule various destinations and times .
Her mom would probably want her to start to live no matter what .
Once upon a time there was a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .
Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
So excited to see you !
She always helps me with whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
You did n't mention anything about your best mate this time , and you two guys always have a lot of stories to tell .
It 's really fun when we are playing for different cups . Gothia , for example .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
I think that 's the only negative point about today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
Whether they give us reliable information or not usually depends on the source .
It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effective thing which helps them do that .
The mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
I have three dogs , one at my dad 's and two at my mom 's .
Secondly , every country has its own martial arts history and culture , for example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
If you are looking for an enjoyable shopping day , Madrid is the best choice .
After all , this is hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
Maria
The first few days , they patrolled the city and helped us .
Hi Isabel .
I did n't know anything at all .
Let 's turn to the arguments against .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Learning not only means studying in schools , universities , etc .
The same , however , can not be said about public transport .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others ' .
The lead actors were well - known TV stars .
Sometimes I get rid of my stress .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very common to eat junk food every week .
On the other hand , eating fast food frequently may lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as well .
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
Hope you are doing well .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the number 14 bus and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough . I do n't have any financial security .
I wo n't tell you any more as it could spoil the story , but the film is definitely worth watching .
Like most people , we started to do sport because we were stressed and needed to get out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
Another dream job for me would be art - director .
My family loves me whatever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biased against your paper due to such incidents .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
The movie I have decided to review for you is a thriller called The Destiny .
I do n't actually know .
funny
Public transport is still a vital part of society and should remain as it is .
I hope you are interested in my application .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired army colonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
The Club has many social and cultural programs .
This restaurant had received many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
They just want to forget about the past and focus on the present .
Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
On the other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulations with the fast pace of technology .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with when I went for a vacation in the countryside .
The thing I like best about football is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
This is just from the elite few , and there 's more from those below them .
Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watched television for entertainment .
Transportation system
Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
People speak differently , but with a basic level , they understand English .
Despite the present findings , more research is necessary to understand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is harder to survive .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
People will continue to suffer dangerous floods and there will be no end after many years unless the government take effective action to stop flooding .
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
In addition , spending too much time on activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
We surely pray for the best life of our near and dear ones .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that sufferers have , but also the mental ones .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment , so ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .
They were Michael 's parents . His father was dead , but his mum was n't .
There are some unfavorable influences on people 's lives .
I am writing to apply for a post in the summer camps in the USA .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than villages .
Michael was a 23-year - old boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
Watching the history channel gives us great information about the history of the earth .
A big kiss and a big hug
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
What 's more , there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach that rely on television to teach .
Firstly , vehicles ' emissions can have detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
While I am jogging , I can think about all the daily things in my life .
I am also interested in different kinds of food and different cuisines .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We can save money and trees .
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of book , therefore , I have a quiet life .
He was her first man , best friend and lover .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
I think I would have the same dilemma .
The thoughts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought her to the point that they made her hate herself .
Dear Bob ,
You can not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or if a person wants to take advantage of you .
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of public transport in developed countries .
Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Science , I just remember I have always liked motor racing , but one of my favourites is Formula 1 .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
and he held me tightly .
This is a real vacation for me .
With all my love
I ordered 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't have my order in my hand .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to court .
Or have they run away ?
I pride myself on creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thinking and writing skills .
Representatives elected by respective communities attend the meeting .
It could be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
Public transport is also useful for some children that need to go to school but they do n't live close to one .
I slept all the afternoon .
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
The section was big and it presented a lot of information in a scientific manner , some sections had complete information while others had not .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they can get more reflection as recreating .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of the - if not the most - dirtiest cities in the world .
She then said the same words as the old lady she had met long ago .
Public transport is one part of social development .
Dear Bruce ,
This movie is about what is happening in real life right now , on the other side of the world .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of the pharaohs , legends and history .
Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .
The opinion of Simon Kuper is that the main reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
As a reward for their efforts .
But I am a really lucky person . I found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some classmates who had the same aims as mine .
Thanks a lot for your letter .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison could hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , filling the night with sounds from the past .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
The team is not very famous , but I know in the future it will be .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it holds your attention all the time .
The local authorities could also organise events in which they can encourage people to start saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon formal qualifications in future .
Imagine how you would live if you did n't have knowledge of the thing called ' time ' .
In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted on the growth of the tourist industry .
Michael was a person that was afraid of making any mistakes .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous private life .
Even though the personal car is used more and more because of its convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
What 's the time , then ?
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea for our new school project is really interesting .
Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
Although I do n't really like watching soap operas , I started watching this particular show with my family .
Seriously , if there 's anything I can do , please let me know .
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kingdom in my country .
Suddenly , Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
I like learning English .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants to climb in Scotland .
First of all , we would like to thank you for letting us know about your concerns and giving us the opportunity to explain ourselves .
Micheal seemed to be really happy at that moment .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
It is only a matter of time before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
Would it be different from nowadays ?
It was around 9 pm when Reilly was there .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you could find him a great support .
The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surrounds them .
At the end , the teacher asked me to do the exercise again .
Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
It is definitely a way of spending our free time .
In conclusion , I think it 's important to know both our own countries and foreign lands .
Then the presentation will focus on a specific case study------the utilization of Flybuys loyalty reward program .
I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
I hope to hear from you soon .
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
Come to visit !
However , we should not overlook the fact that not everyone can afford a car .
First of all , I would like to present some background information about myself . My name is Said Ahmed .
Then , after the third game , I had a season - ending injury .
In a few hours , I can get to some far - away destination .
On the other hand , this opinion should be considered : Some big names are important for someone who seems them like an ideal .
The moment he reached the street he started yelling at them .
People were counting on this party to increase public expenditure , but pensions have stayed the same .
I certainly do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , but rather , the pace of life I lead .
In other perspective , cars require driving .
After the shower , he got his suit , but he had forgotten that he had n't done the ironing the previous day . Moreover , he did n't have any other ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
And I also love children .
This movie is outstanding . I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
Thank you for inviting me !
They meet by chance and start a tortuous relationship as friends .
Dear all ,
I play football every day with my friends at a club .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
The Class - E power amplifier satisfies those goals with linearity techniques .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
In this hour , many people turn off the lights in their house to save energy and protect the environment .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I try to avoid big shopping centres .
Yet there are practical solutions .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded and in desperate need of repair .
It was lovely to hear from you .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
I am Italian and 30 years old .
You are at an advantage if you start when you are young .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
Moreover , Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
If you 're a queen , a member of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observed by the press and magazines .
The last film I saw was called " No Escape " .
I hope I have convinced all of you to go walking .
And always do some morning exercises .
This issue has became a big problem to solve .
I really recommend every young person to visit it once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
He will be able to give you all the required support and to cooperate with all the members of staff .
When I was at school my friends and I attended junior swimming school .
I was impressed because I ' d never seen such films before .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient for travelling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
Dear Sir ,
Living alone , I have to save money , because there are many situations which I have to deal with without family , and you can become a good person with many good characteristics , such as confidence , independence , friendliness .
Titania uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta will have beautiful children and live a happy married life .
I live in Italy and you should know that food is very important for us !
Yours faithfully ,
Michael had an unexpected late meeting at work that night and forgot to call home , which made Marianne completely furious ; throwing things at the wall , crashing plates from the counter to the ground , the whole nine yards .
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
I felt like I was being deprived by my family .
Keep in mind what you should do before buying your own TV .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it is one of the biggest and busiest ports in the world .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
It 's not the effort they have applied or all the hopes they had .
A woman 's voice answered .
Heading towards Tolmin & after passing the famous Solkan Bridge , turn right and follow the road to the left .
I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customers a fabulous dish .
good morning firstonce .
If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
In the second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
He went out .
Furthermore , the students and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
Certainly , computers and similar devices give us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
You will want to go back another time .
It specializes in barbecue , beers and wines .
But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one who often breaks the ice .
Otherwise , I will be taken off the university register .
Although he had been trying to hide this , his personal problems were obvious and Magda did n't feel happy with him .
So tell me what you think and let me know .
It is certainly true that people are very critical of appearances .
In addition , I am committed to science and I am a dedicated , team - oriented person , who is able to work independently .
These days , we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
I would recommend the tourist office to increase the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
One of the most important unwritten rules that you should follow in Brazil is related to vocal patterns .
Nevertheless , what those people have claimed is a digression from the topic here .
I feel very strongly that daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be in shape .
There is a lot that I 'm proud of in my life , but actually I do n't know what I 'm most proud of .
His name is Pepe .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
In the future , this could create a big gap between poor and rich people .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
Everything suggested that I would n't get out of the house for quite a while .
The worst part is that they get angry with us !
Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
The idea lying behind the story is that justice and the law are not the same thing .
Then we set off for Dhaka .
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
My mother is a teacher .
Marina
In conclusion , I highly recommend this film for those who like drama and plot twists .
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
Brandon Mackie
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
This took me by surprise .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
What it comes down to is , should the Internet be more tightly controlled by governments ?
Allison Green
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation of the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
I do n't know my name . I do n't know my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my voice , to prove that I can do it . I can do anything . I am not weak . I have woman power .
Ten minutes later , I had already taken my trainers and closed the gym door when I saw her walking towards me .
After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
Three times a week , garbage trucks come to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector comes to clean up the streets .
But , I do n't only do sports in summer , because in winter I also do fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
We play Risiko for hours : we 're never fed up !
We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who lives in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in front of you .
You 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
When I was a kid , I started to think about being a teacher .
She sighed and went to have a shower .
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
We rented a wonderful place outside our city with a spectacular atmosphere .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
1083 ) .
I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see unpredictable situations happening and likes the feeling of the unknown .
This activity also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
She was sitting on the chair .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
In addition , the investigation can bring within company in
Despite the fact that there is n't any Hollywood star , all the characters are played very believably and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
Most girls play it in my village .
On the other hand , there are some channels which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
The government ought to plan campaigns to make people aware of that and try to find ways to reduce transport fares .
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself and carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25-year - old " Days of Thunder " .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
The film is about Maleficent , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , her true love .
Everyone should treat them in a kind way .
Secondly , the infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
Nobody can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
Sometimes the lesson was hard , but the staff there praised him when he did well .
If you want , you can buy a lot of things there .
Sarah peeked through the door and immediately realized the evil intentions of the group . "
To make bank notes , the first step is to properly design them .
Introduction
In the afternoon , I went to my dance classes .
In conclusion , it seems the benefits of human genetic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I think that there are more , and it is important that we know them , in order to be informed about this important issue .
How rude of you !
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
You must trust your life to this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's taste nowadays , including good quality programmes , for a reasonable price .
From Monday to Friday , I do it at home . At weekends I attend yoga classes .
The bad points of the club are as below :
They sailed to France and England to plunder .
It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
Because she gave me life , without her I would not be what I am today .
You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
Thank you ,
So , all in all , we can not answer this question with " yes " or " no " because there is an almost equal number of examples that help to support the contracting points of view .
Kind Regards ,
In the city centre we can go to other shopping centers such as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last weekend we visited Passage .
So we can watch a program that we wanted , so we can choose what is good and not .
One band I like is One Direction . I think they sing really well .
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in their next fight .
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
Is your family happy that you came back ?
Every hard situation can be got over easily when you make a big effort .
It is the oldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XVth century .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization relating to transportation in China .
I hope you consider my application and look forward to hearing from you soon .
According to this form , we know learning knowledge takes a lot of time in one day .
The most people travel by car , because the public transport is not convenient for people to use .
I did some research and these are my findings .
Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
They had a lot of fun .
I have traveled a lot , because this is my hobby . I have learned about a lot of food in many countries .
Do you know " Steam " ?
I have many tips to share with you . I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
All in all , even despite the fact that making friends can be a struggle ( they need our time and efforts ) , they give us support and love and improve our mood when we need it most .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
They feel happy when I am happy , they are sad when I am sad , they enjoy my success .
Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than just one bar .
Talking about money , the car is probably more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for the maintenance of the car .
In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
Why did I choose it ?
What the hell was she doing here ?
Endless hours in front of a screen can cause eye strain and headaches , which are serious side - effects .
I have liked swimming since I was young , and when I grew up , I told my mum that I wanted to compete in competitions .
In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
His main task was to collect letters from abroad and to hand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
Dear Paul ,
Invite your friends from school or work .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
In wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with great weather , you can visit the palace city .
We visited a lot of monuments , museums and churches , like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
Yours sincerely ,
Hi Alex ! How are you ? I heard that you are going out with Mike !
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like that .
He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
I know you are under a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I can really understand how you are feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notes , with no free time for other things or just to relax .
In this way , drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
Although very important and critical , there are lots of myths surrounding it and many patients suffering the disease do not know the real facts about it .
It makes studying more effective and comfortable for us .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for the invention of the wheel .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's an " I " in win " .
Yours faithfully ,
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world . I started it when I was five years old . I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word . I feel free .
It takes you a very long time to get to your destination .
The author says that the pros far outweigh the cons and that is the main idea of the article .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to see our local and famous brewery .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirits .
He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
It 's nice to go through the shops and leave with hands full of bags .
In this situation , we are nervous and stressed .
For example , he says the application can instantly compare the rates of over 150 websites .
As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
People collect household trash and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .
He did n't want to read the next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was the love of her life and also wrote about the curse .
For example , if you are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
" Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
I am a young woman with a melancholy character .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many parents are younger than in generations before .
In some people 's lives , the most important thing is to wear fashionable clothes .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting his CV .
My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
Dear all
Many women believe that they are the victims .
Moreover , travelling by train , tram or bus produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
Even now , we can buy TV sets with an Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty years ago .
I like the friendly students and helpful teachers .
The other team was professional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could win .
Supporters also claim that it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
At classes , everyone was very kind to her .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
But Michael was keen on getting rid of her .
We had never been to Michael 's house before .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Only then did I realise that there was nothing more to do , that I just had to wait .
Also , I remember the sweet perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of the old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candide 's marriage to Cunegonde .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their lives .
Others say keeping animals in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
About me
In the first part of the novel , fighting is a technique that works for Scout .
My name is Alexandra Kennedy .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to me .
I hold the belief that children are much easier to raise than before .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
You will gain a sense of satisfaction .
I started to play it when I was twelve years old and these days I still love this sport .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
If you are a little bit tired of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape welcomes you .
Man , when was that ?
The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
My favorite sport is football .
I 'm a great people person and have great knowledge of computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . chef .
In contrast , travelling by airplane just takes you two hours , and you can get to your destination .
Everyday on the news we see refugees who are living in miserable condition .
I have swum in a swimming pool and I have also cycled on my bicycle .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arrives .
Only the brand and the good marketing make it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think of some different ways to solve this problem .
Who can blame them ?
I found the advertisement on your website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accounting .
Despite the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .
The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
In my opinion , public transport will not disappear , even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have watched it all day .
With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities , the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
He turned the note to see something .
The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
Therefore , everyone must do sport according to their ability .
Likewise , Trivago is an online service , so a newspaper advertisement may not be appropriate for it .
I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
Am I the same person who wrote this ?
I went to the nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like the elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
Our family are people who will love us , and who do n't look at situations and who we are .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
I 'm happy , as I had always dreamt of such a family .
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Thanks in advance .
I usually watch television programs on the Discovery Network at night .
I am struggling at school .
Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
It . It represents the highest architectural achievement in ancient China .
Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .
Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at £ 2000 was broken .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions about their future .
Jennifer Barraza
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say goodbye to the baddies .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
It was the best night of my life .
However , those who do not know about it can not get such support .
Since technology has improved in recent years , we now have a huge variety of different ways to travel .
' I must keep an eye on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '
At the end of the day , you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
We still use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic , because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is how economists think people act .
She always works hard for our family .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , after a long siege , forced the government to surrender it .
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
From the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
Some of the aspects were discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
He has been living in the U.K . for the past 20 years .
In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
2 .
Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
On the one hand , that quantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have one or not .
I hope that this adventure goes well , because we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a job when we come back to Spain .
Foreign language learning in my country
Doctors will also be able to cure lethal diseases .
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Working in the community is more appropriate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have committed a minor offence .
We spent ten days on the Atlantic seaboard , in a small town - Cádiz .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
What disadvantages does it have ?
Public transport has been improved to such an extent that , nowadays , it is probably competing with private transport .
The landscapes are really wonderful .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refute the reading passage .
It is interesting to see how the students resort to each other when looking for help in a natural way , without the intervention of the teacher .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
I feel so free when I can fly over those obstacles .
My favourite day is Saturday because I do not need to work or study , so I can go out with my friends , and on Sunday I can wake up very late .
I think the best teacher is a person who has professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
Some people might argue that it is always parents who take care of the pets most of the time , instead of children themselves .
By using computers nowadays , it is very convenient to find the information you are looking for .
I have good abilities , such as , organizing activities and helping the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
It can really damage someone 's reputation .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
We 're still in touch .
In my opinion , we should n't think like that .
At the same time , they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in their time .
Then she started talking : " Welcome , pretty boy , I have been waiting for you . Please sit down " .
About Me
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
May I not live in interesting times .
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
I would like to apply for the job which involves working in summer camps all over the USA .
Technology enables us to access entertainment immediately .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
I ca n't agree with this point of view for the reasons below .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
Travelling by car gives you independence .
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thrillers .
Everyone can choose something suitable for them .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier than I thought at first .
Buses run on petrol that causes pollution .
Finally , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hour , your parachute is opened and you are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the ground .
So we have to watch the national news to keep us connected .
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
Hi John !
With your drink , the first portion is on the house .
For instance , they prefer pop or rock music .
It started when I was a little child , and it 's what I do .
In recent years , there has been a great change in consumption habits .
Hence , private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
You can walk there in about ten minutes from the station or go there by bus .
Enclosure : CV
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or a bane to us ?
On top of that , these machines only worked when you wrote an order to the computer .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there are hardly any trains or buses for the far away places and the tiny villages .
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
He also cooks tasty meals and gives me them .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
buses , subways , and trains .
I am tall , around 2 meters , with black hair and blue eyes .
Jonas does n't see the bird and thinks that the predator has gone away , during the night .
There are a lot of different types of sports but one of them is the most popular in the world : football .
There are so many options for which card to lay and which colour is trump .
He started to do his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
Jack said , " I know someone who can do that but how will we organize the show ?
Looking forward to finding out more about you .
Last spring , I developed and taught a course on the history of print culture in America .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
Just a few , right ?
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and beverages too .
The strongest allegation about the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution of a variety of its rules and regulations .
To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have had in our lives , because we made friends , visited a new country and we had a lot of fun .
The teacher asks the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make too much money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres . You can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular village .
The first , placed in a corner of the stand , was made of a pile of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
There are many ecological islands .
I enjoy myself all the time when I am there .
I make many mistakes in every story I write . I use the wrong tense .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
When you feel really weak .
There are many workers employed so that the waste is picked up .
I ca n't imagine life without sports .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room . In that room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a globe .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
So , to conclude , we would have to argue that both nature and nurture make us who we are .
It was perfect and he would be glad just to improve some things , to change the structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to add some bright illustrations and so on .
You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries , like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
My second oldest sister is 34 years old . She is single and she works as a customer service agent . Her name is Shymaa .
He remembered one of the awful dreams he used to have as a child .
Dear Mr Brown ,
Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and from what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
The staff must also be congratulated .
All in all , I think that it is one of the best films ever made .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .
My family lives in a
Places to enjoy
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
Obviously , she ca n't say a bad thing about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks about her .
He did n't know what to do . He tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
And then he rushed away trying not to be late for work .
When I run , I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
He cried with a lot of blood around .
Hope to hear from you soon .
I am Melody Martinez . I 'm 26 years old . I was born in Mexico .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
There are a lot of Ukrainian executives .
It 's located in Rosario , Argentina .
How can I help the environment ?
In addition , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers has helped me understand the importance of efficient lab practice and develop my group - oriented skills .
Xem thêm
My research interests have both shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
The gym reception is nice , but the walls are painted with dark colours .
Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
After using it two times , problems started to appear .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except take care of his keys , I guess ... "
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
I learned about corporate communication , about management , organization and communication and some basics of marketing , etc .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for a drink with a lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Stop shouting . Do n't shout .
I did n't use to believe that people would do anything for advantage , even betray family and friends .
You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
My favorite sport is volleyball .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
Both characteristics will help you in other types of tasks and will improve your future development .
It 's not difficult today !
There 's nothing like sharing a meal with local people . It offers you the possibility to glean information from someone who lives in the place .
This report should help you buy genuine goods from our city .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
At first , I completely agreed with this , but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
It was a quarter to two , so Tom lay back in his chair , took a deep breath and waited for his workmates to arrive .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in the Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Therefore , it is necessary to provide new facilities in the classrooms .
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : the beach or the mountains .
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , die out .
I know plenty of amazing English courses but they all have different prices .
I am concerned about pollution .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels will also be given a good price for the delivery service .
It 's great to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
The day of the concert , I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
They follow the government 's advice to set the air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees Celsius .
I like my student life without followers .
Trivago has a very simple and memorable tagline , which is ' Hotels ?
We use cash every day and it is of great importance to our daily life .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Ivan
I like climbing , but it is a sport that I have just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
This is because adults lived in a completely different time , so their advice might be outdated .
In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all this .
I am the eldest in my family , so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
Later , both lines changed their regular trends so there is a huge imbalance again .
The cane toads ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from the streams and rivers .
Even if the room has a considerable number of computers , the absence of internet access does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites that would be useful to improve their language skills .
Their names are Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
It 's all about lines .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable and not .
So , please advise all service centers to return defective parts to Slovakia instead of England .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
The campsite borders on a small lake which can be quite cold , even in summer .
I know how much you like both activities so I suppose you are having a hard time .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
It is the weekend and we are all together today .
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
After that , I lived in a flat .
yours faithfully ,
I will be happy to send you my CV and covering letter .
Although cooking is my weak point , I always try my best .
- Gasoline is too expensive
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
The place , my colleagues , and my dear students are enough testimony to the fact that , in Gala , I have found a home … and a family to love , really for real .
It is , however , well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
2 years ago , I was a bad guy who wanted to fight anyone , so no one wanted to be my friend .
There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
Amina Safar
Winning or losing is up to you when you play singles , and you know you have to do your best to achieve the best score .
Help and putting into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publishing industry .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
These are the main places where young people usually go .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
Overall , this is an image of the future .
The food is always fresh .
Let 's talk about sports
I believe that my background is suitable for this position .
When you hear you are asked to help out at a concert by your favourite band , you ca n't refuse .
It is clear that technology has provided us with several options for communication .
Peter was already there and he immediately told Michael about a trip to Italy that he had planned for them .
Jose
I will wait for your call .
I really like to do sports because I like to be outside .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
We prefer to take a flight to Hawaii .
I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction to something I 'd never eaten before .
- Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer our questions .
When I woke up , I did n't know why I was at the police station .
After many years , we still share the same kind of sweets we shared the first day we met .
I am so interested in this major .
I believe public transport will have a future , because this transport is really necessary for people .
First of all , you should go out of the airport terminal .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , gave a speech on the Eastern Partnership of the European Union .
Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweigh the cons .
In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
I think this sport is the most complete compared to the other sports .
We can not make a killing immediately .
I am prepared for long working hours . That 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending time with people .
One of the most characteristic things about this region is the food and Cáceres is the top city of gastronomy in Europe .
The Alhambra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed .
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
The screen will no longer be required for the computers and TVs .
I love kids , and I 'm very outgoing .
Look at yourselves .
At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
The dissolution of the Communist party also became one of most popular issues in the American mass - media .
The room was full of sweaty bodies .
I know you 're coming to Rome next week and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
Also , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
My first memories of food are from my early years , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical Spanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
Having a native speaker will give students maximum exposure to the language , while at the same time a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
The government had to start major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
That is actually a mistake , because the schools who best prepare students for working life are technical institutes , who emphasize the real - world applications of the studied subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
In other words , no matter how far away you live , a good friend will always support you .
However , secondhand clothing stores have been increasing in recent years .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , I mind immediately . Today there are too many vehicles on our streets .
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online , so I decided to go check it out for myself .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
Finally , we are obligated to care about the environment , because it 's our duty .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
The male students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the girls who filled in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend their free time in that way .
Games are played primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , but may also serve as exercise .
You see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
These rules can influence behaviour in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid things .
My colleagues are brain - damaged .
Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in our lives .
Now the question under discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interior of the building .
Unfortunately , we can not prevent natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
Best regards ,
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry that they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't , since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
The dinner was a three - course meal which had been carefully chosen by the newly - weds .
Another difference between face - to - face learning and online learning may be that face - to - face learning allows students to develop human relationships , whereas with online learning it is quite impossible for this to happen .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
Rosevelt
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong . They seem to become mature earlier than other people who do not do military service .
I hope after reading my report you will have some minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise materials , looked at and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
I have many memories with him , which I always keep in my heart even if they are good or bad .
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
However , it must be remembered that they are here to serve us - not to replace us .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
With its help , for example , people are able to cope with natural disasters .
In the evening , the little boy 's mother came to take him home . He told his mother what had happened that day , and his mother smiled at my brother , and took the little boy home . My brother smiled and went home .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Alternatively , every Friday in the parking lot next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of product : local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
They talked for hours . One trying to convince the other . He was doing his best , but in the end , the other man declined .
I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place . Therefore , we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent English and got an A in the Cambridge First Certificate Exam .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , a boat travels on the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
Although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player . This may be because I am not talented .
Whereas , often , we see bad behavior .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
Technology plays a key role in our modern lives .
Advantages
Please be advised of the right amount on the settlement date .
Before I managed to say something , I heard a terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
In my view , public figures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
I would be grateful if you could tell me what sports and evening activities I would have to organise .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
We enjoy it so much .
These are my study methods , if I can say so .
To tell the truth , I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
I think I am right for the position because I think I can boost the motivation of people about movies and push them to share their particular point of view .
Michael 's new life was working out for the best but it is very difficult for anyone to escape from his past .
Cars are handy and driving can be pleasant , but only when the driver is in a good mood , with no traffic jams or craters on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
Hi Peter !
People who are rich prefer to travel in their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
The Museum is in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests via the social network .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe for Italian pizza .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to not go to the gym at all without knowledge .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
The first chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
The second important thing is that I can always count on my family .
My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but on the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always want to help strangers .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
My favourite TV shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " . All these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce when I should be .
I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive way , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who designed it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
When Olquin said that the situation and the environment define the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he was talking about African American Communication , but he is also describing Brazilian communication at the same time .
Love ,
The more I remind myself to get up early , the more things I need to do .
In conclusion , use of public transportation is decreasing day by day .
There are many pros and cons , but for sure , we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
Moreover , life may not be possible for future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the planet .
Hi Sam
It also shows how you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
In the last season , we reached second place .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sitting in the nearby seats may stare at her .
Yours faithfully ,
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if it meant I would lose my life .
I have passion for this job .
Unfortunately , only a limited number of people are willing to leave their comfort zone for the sake of the community , thus making pollution caused by heavy traffic a remaining and inextricable problem of our society .
I think that a complete sport is swimming for most people .
The investigations were concentrated above all on the construction site of Mapello .
Next to him were dozens of doors and there were letters written on them .
It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planets in 50 years ' time .
The avant - garde and futuristic designs of houses will be the most desirable .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
I want to talk about my favourite sport .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
Selling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the place after and before the shows , so work itself was n't the exciting part .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
This activity is really interesting and you should n't miss it .
As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been working for two years as summer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children aged eight years .
I also recycle my old paper , such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the broader community .
In order to boost the use of public transport , the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant in the city and it has been recognised with two stars by the most famous guide for restaurants in Spain .
" He will be our ticket to the main building and to the exam " he said .
From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
I have been playing basketball on weekends since I was little .
I was doing homework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirror . "
A total of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires were collected , with a response rate of 77% .
The film I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
Of course , I told her you 're dating Lisa now .
Every human being has a need for socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
Many people claim that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
Why do I think so ?
However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided by using public transport .
I ca n't stop studying the English language . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .
Sooner or later , married people will get divorced .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by another famous Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
Also , cars are becoming more affordable in many countries .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy shopping .
Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
I would really like it if my parents could bring me to your house on Friday evening , but I think that we have a party that night .
It is involved with a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming to your home next month . I hope that you are at home because I need your help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is .
What is my city clean .
They assured Anna that she would be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
The shape of the court is a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
At that time , I did n't have many friends . She helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
Some activists plant trees in spring .
And I used English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
On the other hand , we still have a lot of other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make our life better and better day by day .
I strongly recommend you go and see the film .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for efficient post - anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
So I was there as something like a member of staff .
Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward Blacks at first .
An unknown number .
There should be a future for public transport .
Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
The most important thing is to set a right course for our future .
They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
My first paragraph aptly expresses my exact realization .
The worst players are those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best ones are those who put their full trust in their teammates .
When he saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the tempting point attracting me .
The moment the door opened was the most exciting in Anna 's life .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
A narrative approach to exploring and investigating clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children aged between one and 15 .
Hello Sam .
The passport was ready in an hour , so we hurried to the gate and got on the plane .
I have .
Dear Sir ,
I have already done volunteer work and it 's something I want to do again .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because they only cause emotional abuse to the man .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and fuel .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and , not surprisingly , in the end they fall in love .
I know I have to learn , but to start learning is n't easy .
Some people go shopping to feel better in themselves .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to try .
When people need to travel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
For example , organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory and so can the glass .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle located on the big rock .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that causes scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds love .
USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy at the summer camp .
He went to church on that day .
On top of that , there was tension at all times .
I had never been very frightened until one day when something strange happened .
During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a university , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
One day , Michael entered his office and his employee happily told him , " we got a lot of responses " .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
The notes have special ink with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional time for yourself .
In my last week , I went to Florida with my family .
Kind regards
I 'm pretty excited about being in London from the 11th .
If you like a good drama , you will love it .
I mean , the " USA Summer Camps " .
Once again , there 's only one bin for all types of rubbish .
I cycle at the weekend .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
Fruits , vegetables and water
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to stop themselves imagining the images in their minds .
One of the most challenging issues in modern cities is transportation .
His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination is required to be a good player .
Carbon - based fuels will not last forever .
First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as an Italian teacher .
Everybody owns a car and nobody rents a car .
Bye for now ,
I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
Because I had never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relationship with my mom and dad .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I do n't either . However , I have a curious opinion .
Katherine
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in our house listening to loud music , playing games and drinking .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
Hello !
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood , and so , you own your time .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express ourselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
She 's such a beautiful woman and plays the role beautifully .
We are beginning to see people in countries with cars going out of the city on weekends and holidays .
Secondly , we are in need of a conference room .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to the benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
See you soon .
However , it has a special importance nowadays , in a world that moves so quickly .
London is a very exciting city .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet more and more people along the urban streets who do jogging too .
I was the babysitter of those children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
When we were children , we used to use public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only cheap option available .
A worldwide war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the period of 50 years from now .
I can recommend you visit the library .
In conclusion , we have different options for this campaign .
But , some people do not think like this and take it more easy .
At that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
Furthermore , I am fluent in the English language , with good writing skills .
They post pictures of themselves and their friends .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you stay in the city .
This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
But because Sweden accepted so many people fleeing to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
These kinds of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
We live in a time of accelerated changes .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers , it is not only their parents but other people , who surround them .
Schools and working life : a report
However , not everything about life in the next 50 years will be positive .
It may seem boring and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions . He will be the same for you .
In my opinion , the weather is better today than yesterday .
Try to fit a heart and the bravery of a lion into the small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
I 'd try to meet the poor king Louis the sixteenth and his wife , Marie Antoinette .
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
Even if abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solution to accidental pregnancies .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcast discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
To begin with , I agree with you that technology sometimes makes the educational process easier and more pleasant in that students have no idea that they are broadening their knowledge .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains if you look into the wardrobes .
Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
I am writing to you with reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
Love ,
Unlike the boys , the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport in their leisure time .
However , separate bins for different categories of rubbish are not provided .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrive .
Like in the stove , there is a feed section where you can feed the pellet that will go directly to the combustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to burn it and generate the heat to warm up the water .
You really should go and try this amazing restaurant at the first opportunity .
There are four floors , each of which contains different departments of the anchor stores , and a number of small shops which sell a variety of products .
Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
But , provided you have that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
In the modern world , a company which has excellent staff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
So computers help us with so many things and also save trees .
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
Nobody is perfect .
Thank you for your consideration .
First of all , I have provided experience working with children in that age range .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood in the street waiting for Michael .
Hi !
Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it most .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
Also , I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sights , to feel the culture and speak to nice people !
I like to do sports activities and educational activities .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building in the city .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's lives will dramatically change in the future is because of technology .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
If we take these measures soon and keep them up for a long time , obesity will not happen in the next generations .
Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
They began to plan some adventures together .
I 'd like to write on this subject because it 's a very important topic .
Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private transport .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alumnus , John Carter , the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college .
Cooking classes will help students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating more healthily because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June 6 to June 24 .
Even though in some circumstances , such as life - threatening and sexual - abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
Since I was in London , I thought I would visit The Who Shop . It is a shop dedicated to Doctor Who and it has a museum with costumes and other things that have appeared in the TV show .
In my opinion , this is disappointing for a number of reasons .
Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with the easiest solutions .
The government should introduce a new law to correct this damage .
For example , cars require petrol to function .
Working as an IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short trips per year , and I always take this opportunity .
There were some people who started playing Rock songs .
I am waiting for the final of this game .
Our staff worked hard to relocate our guests as soon as possible in nearby hotels and at our Paraíso Complex , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
Yours faithfully ,
As a part of this diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the causes and effects of these coming disasters .
Bill
With these experiences , I can safely escort people who are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore out of a concert and help them .
After that , he told the teacher who was responsible for that class , and she called me into her room and asked me questions .
Whenever I talk with someone I meet for the first time , I often make us fall into awkward silences .
Finally , Tom could hear Matthew shouting from the other side of the field .
THE BIRTH OF A NEW STAR
When it 's cold , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoir .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
And I enjoy it very much .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge of - personal finance .
Every region has a typical food and a typical cheese .
How can we revive public transport ?
There are documentaries produced with so much care that they provide us with a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
But now , I feel uncomfortable without food every day .
I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
She breathed a heavy sigh of relief as all the panic was finally over for her !
Only by doing so will we help to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions and all the grim consequences they have .
There are numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built everywhere .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using the right way to dispose of their waste .
My mother also likes this show .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer . He is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Therefore , the more deeply our emotions interact , the more greatly our happiness is influenced .
There is a narrator who introduces the function of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search for the best value hotel . "
But then something went wrong and she just walked away .
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see you .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
She works in a primary school .
I really like your review ! !
My grammar and spelling are weak .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
Be alert and take some precautions to protect yourself .
Dear head teacher ,
We are taking part in a championship this year .
Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
Other people prefer to travel by train as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize expect that .
The workers are very kind and sympathetic and enjoy teaching .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
I will give you some information that should help you during your stay here .
Reassuming , while the design of houses may look different , the most significant change will be in technology , which will make our life easier .
At first , I thought
Welcome to Moscow !
So , where to go ? What to do ?
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
And for some people , it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar , for example , as long as their films are really worth watching .
Karate gave me a new purpose in life .
There , I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Public transport is here to stay .
I had an amazing time , too bad you could n't be there .
Then I started to go with my friends .
Melody Varela
Our life keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in each decades .
Is it possible to choose which one is the best ?
These days , we see written on the walls , stop bullying .
I was inspired by a true legend . His name is Edan Hazard .
You will definitely part ways during college and this way you can make memories that will last for a lifetime .
Conclusion :
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
Second , soccer is a very interesting game , because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts that you have difficulty finding the right one .
I liked the wax museum the most .
I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
In the next 50 years , who knows what we will be able to accomplish ?
And there are a lot of beach bars for snacks between meals .
I try drinking a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
There are so many nice places in Russia .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
And , also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
There are many problems created by doing large - scale building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to deal with these problems .
Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
Secondly , I have been studying English for six years . I am good at reading and grammar , but I am conscious that I need to practise my speaking .
The Lion King is my favourite film .
But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
Tennis is not a team sport .
If you walk at the seaside in the evening you can also have the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that 's great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
He did not want to fight with me because he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
Nowadays , many accidents happen when people are driving their cars .
The way they go to work is worth knowing .
One more advantage of owning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and caring .
Public transport was created to relieve the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers ' commutes .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
For instance , there is no need to change buses .
Could you please send me more information and details of prices ?
Without it , many people would have a lot of difficulty going somewhere or returning home .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
This movie can be considered a classical thriller , but with several aspects that makes it unique in this genre .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
She had a feeling that her birthday would n't be ordinary .
It really works !
It was Michael 's favourite .
Regards
If they have a bad day or if they have a good day .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
I decided to walk to the end .
In today 's world , nearly every person cares about what she or he is wearing .
The aim of this paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of the lyrics from three different songs , how language has influenced roles of gender
I 'm very happy .
In the future , everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Because in order to deliver a successful industry project , I not only have to make a good product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and persuading customers .
He booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are signs where you can see the time less .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
C.
But sometimes the pace of change , the direction of change or the consequences of change can make it no good at all .
Water treatment must meet the requirements of public and industrial standards .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that shows how much you really care about them .
When the BBC finally announced who was going to play the 12th Doctor , many fans got upset about their choice because they thought the new actor was too old and they said they did n't like it .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I always have a lot of energy .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each person , this is only one of several reasons why people use less public transport .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy life .
She is 50 years old .
My favourite sport is running .
I am writing to inform you about the most beautiful places and interesting buildings in Vilnius .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Although I 'm an Italian native speaker , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
I think that it is the only way for me .
They say that I am able to work under pressure .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
I had been staying at home for five days , I was n't really willing to see other people .
Isreal 's obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love .
We can change . We have to change for a better future .
To begin with , it is true that humans are often born with greed and selfishness .
My sister claimed that on her trip , she had seen completely astounding buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
I definitely agree with that .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
His wound is healing well and is free from complications .
She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big effort!.
I like playing tennis .
Best wishes .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife it offers .
Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't have any life skills and have many health problems , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
ALL THE BEST ,
He stared at the clock hanging on the wall and frowned .
But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
Love , XY .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
It 's been a long time , so how have you been ?
The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compare it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
So , schools and educational institutions in general have to update the way they teach .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
Nothing else .
He walked and walked , thinking about what could it be , until , after a long time walking , he realised he did not know where he was .
He was curious about how he would feel when he went into the room .
It is an incredible forest , the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
Michael is an editor for an international student magazine .
He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
I think that public transport has a great future because there are more people who use it every time .
I enjoy cooking and am interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Muai Thai 's methods .
As you know , I was really busy last month .
Hi Elena
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
Tessa Foerster
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
Birds have returned from warm countries .
First , I think public transport is more expensive .
The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to identify the learning needs of students and to build capacity of teachers .
The Internet , on the other hand , has become more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
They would notice quickly because the fish would smell worse than it already did .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
In addition , we were able to visit other parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
The Usual Suspects is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .
If we take football clubs , for example , we can see that the desire to become well - known and popular makes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
In Japan , which has one of the largest populations over 60 , many senior citizens prefer using buses to cars .
Their lives are focused on their careers .
But , these days , with education , people are becoming more sensitive and responsible towards the environment .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
I have saved some money to pay for the air fare .
That 's fantastic news !
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter their interests , should visit the aforementioned special shops .
Some people usually do cycling for relaxation .
An enormous number of additional attractions for viewers provided me with unforgettable feelings .
I know how to cook delicious meals .
Eng .
They showed me everything I had to do .
The main reason for this is the fact that free time could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
I learned how to cook when I was eight , so I am pretty confident and well prepared .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
Dear Paul ,
Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Because of my work , I have to write all the time , to my students , to my colleagues and to the academic community in general .
One day , Sophia got really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
but my husband takes care of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
One there , a man , raised his hands and called to God .
Daniela Conti
May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or average .
I 'll be there to meet you .
Two years ago , I developed a project called : Our talent for Poetry and Painting , within an association for orientation of children and teenagers .
When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hanging and your arms crossed … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
With your certificate , you can easily find a job .
Therefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
Also , automatic driving technology is already applied to trains .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes it aside and sees a hole in the ground .
I completely rely on your taste , as we 've always been on the same wavelength .
Did I tell you who the headliner was ?
After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedience .
Chrissy made a funny face but the guards did n't say anything .
Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
Last week , his mother told him that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
Moreover , he is very well organised ; he is able to manage several difficult tasks at the same time , coordinating resources effectively .
Transport has always been a major problem .
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
But what are the results of global warming ?
The aim of this report is to give some information about the range of exciting activities that people can do in our area .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have interesting lyrics .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally - friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse to litter . If they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep their rubbish in a small plastic bag . At home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
I 'm going to dress now ' , Celine added .
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the painting is the woman 's smile .
Rasa
On the other hand , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , the parents will have to come up with other ways to make the children both responsible and sympathetic .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that , in 20 years , will improve our reality .
Children ca n't get a driver 's license , so children use public transport .
Second , public transport saves city space .
I 'm looking forward to working with you and wish you all the best until then !
So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
date : 24th June
- There is another place where local youths spend a lot of hours ; the new and magnificent mall .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
The planting of vegetables and other food on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
Like I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small town , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
Aspects such as space , internet access and materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
Because of that , I hope my letter will be taken into consideration .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning using technology to create materials and using technology to teach .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
One of the reasons is time .
For example , what about going for some walks in the countryside or renting a bike ?
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
He hears different kinds of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
Every single word causes a gesture , a thought , a change in others .
Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and building the public transport system possible .
My favourite sport is yoga .
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the true story of a group of miners that were trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
When someone greatly admires a person , they will try to behave like them .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples of this .
Actually , I do n't give up and always look for opportunities .
I prefer to eat at home
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
In cows , it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom , laughing out loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threatening him with the most horrible punishments .
I ' ve been doing it since I was six years old .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people with different lifestyles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
Anna looked incredibly beautiful .
It was his turn now .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
I am rather lazy as a person . I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general , but I definitely love walking .
I already had mine as a teenager .
Window shopping along our high street is another option .
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and , at the same time , it is sour .
The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
The other characters that also play an important part in the movie are the servants .
How do they know ?
She does n't want more .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport . Some months ago , the council set up a public bike service and , three months later , they had to close it .
I remember the laughter of people , sitting at the tables and chatting .
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants have respecting those principles .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
It is difficult for birds from urban areas to find proper food .
We can now see international brands we are used to in the UK .
Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
Apparently , this measure has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
Despite many differences in human nature , the current houses do not differ so much between themselves .
Remember , I told you about it last time , when we met Jenny .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
I like to play football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
But how do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
Remember when in school you learned the three essential things for living ; reproduction , nutrition and interaction ?
The problem with this movie is not the story , because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions of the characters .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and I went into it .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
I enjoy running a lot because it relaxes me . I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Again , we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
My favorite sport is running .
Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
He was worried because his sister always woke up very late , about midday .
For example , research has shown that not computers themselves , but the things we use or play on them are addictive , like social networks or games .
Lucila has been studying English for five years , and she is quite fluent .
That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , mutual interest and companionship , it has moved forth to relationships where people have not even met one another physically .
I think that when you want to become famous because of something that you do ( for example , writing musicals ) you have to accept what comes with it .
He started crying because there was nothing he could do about it .
- Sounds great .
It was his chance .
Michael was nervous when he was asked to do some work together with that new fellow .
Also , I have worked in other summer camps , which are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
while if you have your own conveyance , you can save time and , moreover , it is safe .
Every single detail should be perfect to make the best first impression .
The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and people prefer to travel in their car .
It is more flexible and a lot of fun for a family .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
In particular , every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the imagination of the cook .
Introduction
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
Ready to live .
From this point every human has the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest , he will not hesitate to do it .
This is the whole process of how a bank note is made .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints ; they are trying to encourage public transport .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe . Her best friend , Michael , was also there .
After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Travelling to Japan through food !
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to look for a good mountain bike .
Then peter started , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car key .
Sadly , Peter was no longer with them .
While attending my labs , he showed himself to be an active and hard - working student .
If you want to relax you can also go to the mountains or sea .
It is situated in the city center , near the seaport .
They live in New York City and have a lot of comical and romantic adventures , all of them related to their friendship .
But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of the old lady .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
All the amenities that are necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building can be found here .
In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue with water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries suffering from poverty .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's best pizza .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
That transportation exerts a far - reaching influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
Having a car costs a lot of money .
To survive , the astronauts have to get to the International Space Station , which is very far away from them .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
Admittedly , I do n't know this myself .
Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through advertising .
Dear Anne ,
Malcolm Young is a guitarist who , with his brother , founded the rock band , AC / DC .
l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
The people of my city are working to keep it clean .
It turned out to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
Learning can also take place outside the university campus .
At first I was quite confused , but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
To be on my own and watch other people live .
What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
He smiled , knowing that even the best laid plans crumble and was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club , in my view , as below .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
After some time , her friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that she was ready and she was going to come in a while .
Though it has probably been around for a while , it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it s consequences have been devastating .
However , the quantity of fish and chips eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
It 's a love story between Turkey 's most famous and cruel ruler of all times and his main wife .
When more people use public transport , there are fewer cars on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Unless we do so , I believe there is no future for public transport .
During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can spend more time with their friends and family .
Football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nations .
We will discuss how to present the features in different aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
It is the most simple form of activity .
Dickens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
Alejandrina
When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
I can speak English and , of course , German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
He opened the door to his home , took a deep breath and turned around .
The point is that we have to make the world better , not just sometimes , but forever .
My city is a good example , too .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
For this reason , I think that friendship is such an important thing in life .
That meant that after some months I was able to read sheet music .
First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have been increasing ozone pollution in big cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transportation .
Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like to share with ; Tom .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
After my graduation ,
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I love the beach , because I can swim , go sunbathing , and dive into the ocean and see all kinds of fish .
One way of using transport is to travel to work daily within the city . The other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show by 3 pm " .
It 's good for you to take a year 's break before continuing with your studies .
First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
Please , check for me which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and I were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
In spite of that , I did not give up .
For this reason , I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie out and takes her swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
I hope to hear from you soon .
They prefer classes with lectures and almost no discussion .
Muay Thai is a complete sport . You use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to make a big effort .
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anything like that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
Providing that we care about the environment .
Using the phone during breaks lets the students focus on the lesson and then , have a bit of distraction when they are not there and , what is more , keep parents relaxed because they can communicate with their children and talk about what they need .
Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
To put it simply , the new generation has decided to take their driving licence and I have seen this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
However , a lot of cities have a problem with traffic because of this . The problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as buses , taxis , or even the metro .
To conclude , I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS , so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
Maciej
My favorite movie is The Wolf of Wall Street .
I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Hello dear Ben ,
He had a long day ahead of him .
I can make it a quick trip , too .
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company start making something just because they want something to do ? '
At the beginning , it was really difficult for me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while , I learned to ignore all of that !
Hi Peter !
We need more of this type of organization across the world and there are a lot of students ready to help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Noman took the front seat .
It does not boost their confidence in future prospects .
Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , one should do it .
However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
Subjects like passports , travel documents , third country citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the main criteria of the exam .
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it has advantages and disadvantages .
It does not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
It is popularly believed that the golden era of public transportation will end soon due to the heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and vans .
Trust me , you will not regret it .
A lot of action , drama and romance .
Amr Hamdani ,
When I was about three years old , we moved here , to Danderyd .
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria .
Bye ,
For example , they have Internet access .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
But if you do not have money , prices can only ruin your day because you know that you can not afford it .
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
The bulbs were red and the floor was covered in yellow flowers .
About the reasons for taking the test , there is little to say .
These small things give me a lot .
Moreover , English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiate in the business market .
to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
The bus stops at Salou bus station .
Summer camp is all about providing fun activities in a safe environment .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
I organized activities like sports , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
Her mum went to her and hugged her really affectionately . "
Our differences , it seems , do not make a difference .
There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
Hello camps !
For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in applying .
Our club members are thrilled to know that an international sports star like you is coming to see them .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
Until next summer , I will still be in school but , hopefully , I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
All those little steps help our nation to build a developed country that is environmentally friendly .
Just to make her smile every single morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
They would also enjoy our museums and galleries , which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
There are a lot of different viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
This helps them also to explore the job market ; some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
The big question was whether she would be able to engage herself in this new activity .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out , as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I like the most .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
Trains are a great mode of transport across intercontinental distances , especially since they have become faster .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In ancient times it was used for gladiator shows and for other public shows .
Owning a vechicle is very convenient and gives you independence .
This method also has its benefits , not least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
Spain must be really incredible !
Finally , she saw the lights of an approaching car and ran toward the car .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast between the lives of the fairies and those of the " mortals " .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
For this reason , we left with our new friend for Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
The first computer was created in 1946 by John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book are like a dream .
Cars will be safer and speedier than now .
So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
I look forward to your reply .
It 's a sport that looks easy , but you can injure yourself easily .
On the other hand , in recognition of my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Law with Great Honors in 2007 .
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
Will people 's lives change again ?
To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
His life was going to change .
Moreover , the next day her party would be held .
The 1970s saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and her sibling .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
What are the values of young people nowadays ?
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like that !
In my day friendships were easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social club friends .
Love ,
To make one , just whisk some eggs and sugar , add some milk and a few drops of vanilla and then pour onto a greased cake pan and bake .
I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you read the headlines and the beginning of the article .
Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symbol was buried with its owner after he or she died .
I am interested in the work .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
After my studies , I did a Master 's in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
Then printing the banknotes .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
They can have a better position , work for a foreign company , communicate with foreign companies , etc .
Then she put on her disguise as an old woman and made her way home .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
After all , a successful career is best measured by how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
Ways to collect and record information for future generations
Last but not least , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without being recognised by other people , without giving autographs and having their photo taken .
If you are wrong , I will correct you and if I am wrong , please correct me .
The light bulb .
My name is Stela . I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
For that reason , you must cycle or walk .
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
In my opinion , young people will love this show .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
In addition , some people try to find friends who always agree with them .
Because two days ago I read an article by Nadine Bös about this topic .
My holidays were here !
I watch some football matches repetitions and comedy shows .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good teacher .
Buying cars and scooters is more convenient than in the last decade .
Thank you ,
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
Yours sincerely ,
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a response soon .
I hope I will hear from you soon !
A solution could be found by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for our lives .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got a first - aid certificate .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
If the wedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses whereas , if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dresses .
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else 's ?
What is more , he is a good husband and a good father to his children .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
All was a façade .
They are frightened by the social movement , and prefer to look for a safer shelter in the countryside .
Life is a long journey . Every day , we gain more and more experience .
Stories about UFOs started in antiquity .
Finally , tell me if you want to go to a particular place or do some activity that you have in mind .
Nobody wants to have their private data exposed to the eyes of the government .
I really like to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great view of Turin or mountains from a classroom ' s window .
If they want to bear some hassle and become more productive in their life , they can manage both things side by side .
The first thing she saw was a young girl .
Living without the Internet : Is it possible ?
Maybe they will be using atoms or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite way of spending my spare - time .
Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady over the 25 year period .
After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eating healthy food .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
Second , beautiful tourist places like Venice .
I do n't know what I have to say , but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products , especially for women , may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
Moved by this little boy 's filial devotion , his stepmother changed her attitude and started to love him from her deep heart .
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Second , put the hot water and eggs into the pan .
It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
I have a lot of interests , but my favourite is volleyball .
To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely achievable .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
The Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchistan to resolve legal cases and disputes .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy them for many years .
As designers are not limited to using only sound or still images , they can create advertisements that are appealing visually and audibly .
The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
All men are .
Therefore , the hardest task of learning another language is to keep a high level of motivation to work on it and to pay for it .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
I like that phrase because the boy was happy because he got to
She said it was a present for her aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
Certainly , I can offer professional bar shows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to the customers .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
" Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
Tom loved it . " Thanks mom , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Thank you ! "
Dear Paul ,
Response : I am seeking a salary in the € 40000 range , plus benefits .
I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detail in a future interview .
The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do something to avoid it .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
However , there is also a problem .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
According to its supporters , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
All About me
Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
Dear Sir or Madam :
The plan required my commitment for around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
I 'm from Córdoba , so I will tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
then let your wife make the decision . Finally , if you have broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Just light up your cigarette and hang out with your ex - girlfriend ,
what is that ? " he thought .
I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts late in the evening since I live nearby .
My duties were pretty simple .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lag if you travel a long distance .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
People of all ages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
But these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
Through style , we can express our emotions and feelings .
We are so small in number , but that does not prevent us holding any school program and activity at its best .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watches anime .
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a journalist .
At first , he just pretended nothing was happening .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
On the other hand , there are more places to visit , like the Coliseum or something else .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatars .
Think of those Chinese women obliged to bind their feet .
Restaurant review
On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .
That 's all , see you soon
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
I see all this during my morning walk .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' , as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami . When I left I had a special feeling ; many people were looking and clapping .
I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year .
Of course , it can be different in each country .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
They feel our love towards them and they can share this love with us .
Another very common risk is falling on the court , which can cause dangerous scratches .
Also , they do not have to find a place to park either .
Another reason for being a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
The police let all the people go .
Of course , we all have the right to communicate whenever we want but , mostly , whenever we need .
I believe that this job is suitable for me .
This also gives the pupils the possibility of introducing their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
Imagine the future . Will public transport still be used ?
She enjoys reading , performing arts , including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to ensure continual progress .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel terrible pain .
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
The Satanists invoked an evil entity that is capable of the worst things ... Annabelle .
Right now I am reading a book called " The Maze runner " . It is very exciting .
So , in the near future , there will no longer be a use for public transport .
Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
There were a lot of programs on television .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
When he arrived , the receptionist told him to go to his boss 's office .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which might heal our world .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " democracy " everywhere , and the next might be Hong Kong .
You can play it at any age .
But the problem is , Russian drivers are not used to keeping this line free .
I was really surprised and happy . I would never have thought that could happen !
Michael had been working very hard , and just seemed to really be overwhelmed by all the work he had been carrying out over the course of the month .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent and uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
Never had she seen such a high waterfall .
However , instead of focusing on my studies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .
On the other hand , people are friendly , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .
I have been travelling with both for years , and I reckon everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Near the restaurant , we saw a very strange thing .
He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money on an expensive ticket .
The pensioners would receive their money when they retire .
Eco - friendly :
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
Secondly , public transport is environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicles .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause various health problems and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
Having said this , however , I think that there are many other factors which are even more important than colour for people when they buy something .
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
Whether they like it or not , they should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them at every single moment of their life .
As the days go by , more discoveries are being unearthed at a rapid pace .
Yours faithfully
I 'd like to think that we will find a way to travel through the universe at higher speeds than the speed of light .
On the one hand , owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want , without being tied down to a set timetable and , furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall s romance package in a newspaper .
He is a dentist .
Although cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
Luckily , it was my colleague Jane , who wanted to drink a cup of fresh coffee with me .
The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I spent the week and what places I visited .
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
I am really interested in applying for this job because I am an outgoing person and I am good at dealing with people .
It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " , so I am going to review it for the students film club .
For people to make the habit of travelling by bus or subway , they must know that they will be able to get to various places on time .
The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
It consists of a pill where we blend lots of different elements .
I must say that not all of them are very easy to work with .
And the more I won competitions , the more proud I was of myself .
In recent years , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
On the other hand , my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddenly , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off from their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
I 'm 50 years old and I live in a little town named Monza .
They are essential to share secrets or anything .
I went downstairs to the playground for the break .
Finally , I have dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are parts of real life .
On the one hand , you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your memory gets better and better .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my own lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Dear John ,
My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
transport in Sudan is so expensive . We suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a massive positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
This report aims to give a clear idea about preserving the environment in my town .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened the door and Mia asked if he had a cup of water to give him and he said no way would he give a cup of water to an old person .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport should be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
This idea also would be unpopular because it limits freedom of choice .
Best wishes
Yesterday , I was surfing the Internet and found an amazing site www.bargainstime.com .
That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
Cooking is one of the things I like most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
In other words , the way to get knowledge is equal for everyone in the world .
He was very angry , so he said to her : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
It was the curse that had made her life living next to humans tough .
On the one hand , there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance with the aboriginal people .
Nikoleta Uvarova
I might have pressed the nitro button by mistake when I sat down .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
When we go shopping , we should take our own bags instead of using plastic bags from the shop .
Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to copy this wrong example .
We have customs , such as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
I want to compete in the United States in the most important tournament . The best swimmers in the world participate in this competition .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
You can improve it by running with the ball and , gradually , you will improve your ball control .
He worked hard at the docks to make a good living for his mother .
So play football and enjoy it .
However , if you want to have a look at them , they are put up in the supermarket .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
As a solution , he offered to upgrade my model to a better one and this , too , would take two weeks .
The wasted time also should weigh in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
But there were a lot of beautiful dresses in high - tech closets with lights .
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time there .
Nowadays , people are wasting water instead of saving it .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
On the other hand , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
Perhaps in the future public transport could be more comfortable for the rest of the people who do n't have a car .
If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
Lost for Words ?
Your address :
I 'm glad to hear from you and I want you to come to Russia for your holidays .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
You should totally do the list and then when you finish it , you can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
" Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which has some little worm inside !
- I 'm just a late riser .
The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get everywhere faster .
Next , make sure the metal plates work well .
Technologies are moving on at high speed .
I had absolutely no idea .
He headed for the front door in a rage .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
Emma Öberg 7A3
Studies say the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster than the other sports .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got civic rights just like everyone else .
It is in fashion to have a small family , but have you ever thought about problems it may cause ?
Secondly , you will be healthier .
There are some similarities . However , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so there 's not so much difference .
But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend you to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
She loves us and she always looks after us when Mum and Dad ca n't do it .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
5 .
It is impossible to have a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your private life .
I feel extremely worried not to have picked them up . I would be very grateful if you could have a look in the room .
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .
Different people will need different functions , options and functionality in the future house .
I am writing to express my interest in the bar staff opening you have posted on our school 's noticeboard .
If you are old enough , you can see how far technology has progressed in the last 20 years .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
It is like you are isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
Family is the most important institution in society .
One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .
Nowadays , everyone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
There are three sofas around the coffee table and it is so comfortable .
Vienna has a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focus on the three most popular places .
This work needs lots of patience and time to complete .
It was a cloudy and cold October night .
You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for them both to live in .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
The diagrams below show the five stages of the process of making bank notes .
They have to study a lot , with 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
I was there with my friend .
The painting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
My sister is two years older than me .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
What really makes me love Barcelona is that they play football , instead of running around .
The home of the future .
First , the bank notes are considered how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
If you train and you have willpower , nothing can stop you .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
I was really excited !
Some learners will not want a speaking part . You could even ask them to be promoters .
Do n't forget to take some water as well .
For the last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city district region .
One fine summer 's day , I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and helping the surroundings .
This results in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children nowadays .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made to it , which makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or suffer from interrupted sleep .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggest buying all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just frozen .
If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
I have just fixed the price per person .
Actually , this is a bad idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
At the same time , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
Because of him , I am what I am .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face hygiene problems , such as someone not washing before bathing , and scrambling issues .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
When he talks he makes many mistakes because of his over - talking habit .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
In present times , it is very common to see people doing courses via a computer .
I strongly believe I would be the right person for the post as I consider myself polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and good at dealing with customers .
Looking at the information in more detail .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day , together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
with reference to your job announcement , I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
In Korea , people have to do military service for at least 2 years .
So I have found a job " .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
I love this place because it is relaxing , but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English fluently .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
I will start by introducing my favorite family members .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
With my experience and range of skills , I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protecting the city 's environment .
Conclusion
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
How are you ?
I have been an Arsenal fan since 1999 .
Speaking about reading .
Ms. Luhr needs to find the goods which work for her .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
When I stopped looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitement and started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I knew for sure skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
The best way to get there is by car .
Susan told me that you need to know a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
I may be far still from being an ideal one , but I know someday , having Gala as my guiding light , I can become one .
Michael was very agitated and confused because he did n't understand anything .
Michael did n't mean to sound ungrateful , because he was delighted , but the timing could n't have been worse .
Many people feel that these machines are now an essential part of our lives , but how necessary are they really ?
It was a charity concert , the income of which was intended for children who suffer from cancer .
If I go travelling I think a car is very useful , but driving a long distance is very tiring .
Today , we have all the information at our fingertips .
The marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I like thrillers and the action films because they are never boring .
Science explains to us a lot of the things that we previously were not aware of .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
When it comes to their jobs , people work on earth , like in the old days .
As far as television is concerned , well , to be honest , I haven't watched much TV for years .
But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred for maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petrol .
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for trade and commerce .
In contrast , for a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a woman .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to entertain sick children and I 'd be really happy to make them smile !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
I met him two years ago at a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
It took 3 minutes . I won with three accounts too .
First of all , transport is the most significant carbon dioxide emitter .
it depends what season you 're holding the festival .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
My first job was as an assistant to my financial accounting professor .
More green areas
Dear Sir ,
It is often caused by wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
twins , triplets etc .
In conclusion , governments are supposed to balance modernization and sustainable development .
Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
Because of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information regarding incorporation in the organization ( date , conditions , etc )
They always keep the rubbish and dust in a plastic bag and then they throw it in the dustbin .
Thanks for your letter .
Milton Morales
But I lost her after a little kiss on the cheek on the first date .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , never expecting that the person living next door would do something so heinous .
On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little notice on the food can force people to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
For some of us trade is a thing you do for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time doing and they enjoy it very much .
As the Venus of the sky .
I love him and I know that I always will .
As well as for his needs , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know , I never learnt how to ride a bike .
Wearing any kind of clothes has an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
Michael is one of the most important economists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
She was shocked .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
Nowadays , we can easily get information we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
English was also the key to my passion for technology . The more I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
In summary , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Everything 's OK .
This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable for me .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
It brings happiness and beauty to us .
Anyway , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have heard that in that month the organization is better than in July .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
Cars are much more convenient , but this does not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
Dear Jeanny ,
The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non - recyclable waste produced .
As it was quite early in the morning , there was just silence everywhere .
CONVENIENCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story " The War of the Worlds " , so it was inevitable . People began to see space creatures everywhere .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in such a natural way , that the reader must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
There is a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
Hi Adam ,
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce the damage and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than by bus because you can take breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
The moment he reached the light , everything changed .
In my country , for instance , people start playing football at a very early age .
As far as I know , how to better understanding between parent and child .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
There will be a future for public transport .
When are you available ?
In order to create and maintain a team spirit , I use different tools like icebreakers and energizers .
There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills , but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Inhale .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability to recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
It seemed like a bunch of armed men were trying to beat each other .
To conclude , I will only say that science makes our lives easier .
He won only one golden ball , but he should have won more than that .
I was going to leave , when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
Next to me , everybody feels calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago I think . You can be sure that I had the time of my life .
Our monthly fuel expenses can be reduced by using public transport to get to the workplace .
I watched almost every movie shown , some of them more than once .
Business in My Home Country
I heard the sound of breaking glass .
Regarding your question , I have been playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
" Where are the brakes ? "
In order to realize her dream , she had begun her journey .
The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used for the benefit of the students and , indirectly , for the benefit of the local community .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of the two historic town centers .
These PAs work as a switch and can obtain 100% Drain Efficiency , in theory .
If you do not change your policies or give me a personal discount , I will leave your school .
I am an English student and I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
We are lucky to live in a city where both the authorities and the people have a strong sense of environmental protection .
We are architects of our own destruction .
Yours Faithfully ,
Transportation is a means of movement from one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
This is the book Owl
I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when you go abroad on holiday .
Some of the anti - violence proposals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job . Maybe you could have a part - time job in a cram school .
Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and that is health .
As you know , my father runs a tourist agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
This sport is not so hard , and it gives me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and can be done outdoors and not in a closed sports hall .
However , a recent graduate will be keen to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
It 's near my home .
So , naturally , about half of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , hard rock and progressive rock to other genres .
Today , recycling used clothes is popular in Japan .
Unbelievable !
Kriszti
After arriving at the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles for one hour .
Thank you so much for this opportunity . I am very grateful for everything .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
They have to realise that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases .
" Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams come true ?
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live a long way from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Moreover , they should include the past information and the new information .
In our honest opinion , this is not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
It is one of the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
My first night here , I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should enrol in a Polish language course .
After three months , I was running faster and the pain in my heels disappeared .
Therefore , in this city there are not many factories .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied , so she decided to start calling all the hospitals in the area .
I am looking for a job in the USA to improve my English and to gain more experience working with children as I want to become a primary school teacher .
Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
But is it really the case ?
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
In the future he wants to be a general .
We got to see the new Bond movie and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
The adherents of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own belief in their child 's potential to become a famous genius .
Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought that they do help , for example , with travelling long distances .
You can go to a swimming club . That is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
And then they can help you to solve the problem .
The weekends are a perfect time for this .
As we can see , modernization is causing damage to rivers and seas .
The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
A car is not always much more convenient . For example , in a big city it is far more convenient to use the underground than a car during the rush hour .
Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
Felipe
Road transport as we know it nowadays will die out .
Yours faithfully ,
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
It became possible for me to run easily .
In Italy , football is the most followed sport , especially in my town where the most important player in the world played : Diego Armando Maradona .
Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
Had you told me that I would win some literary competitions and that some people would speak well of me , I would n't have believed you .
With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
So she tried to calm him down .
This depends on the beliefs and the culture of the people .
In my opinion , homes in the future will be similar to today 's houses .
On the other hand , the greatness of science goes together with its disadvantages .
Some of the information was collected from the shops , and from the web .
It was not easy to let a daughter go away on her own .
In the gym there are many people .
I am interested in working a in new work environment , kindly reply .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries have successfully applied such policy .
My name is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently graduated from high school .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
I will help you as much as I can .
It is amazing .
This sport is very easy to play .
One day we went out to three different islands in a diving group .
In fact , in Brazil , eye contact is prime , and you will be considered to be without interest in the speaker or that the speaker is bothering you if you do not give enough attention when you are talking to them .
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
The great number of people using private cars leads to higher levels of air pollution , and public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing air pollution .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
The main feature of Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing is realism .
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
Trips are longer on public transport than by car ,
When I left , some girls were outside of the dressing room with a sheet of paper and a pen in their hands and they asked me for an autograph .
.
It is highly recommended that the government should provide adequate financial support to traditional small businesses .
Now , people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
People can not have everything and live as they want .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
I went for a week to Center Parcs in France with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
town showing the will power changing of the habit .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
However , this news can be false .
The insurance for non - accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumers ' behavior in a commercial aspect .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Dear Peter ,
I think my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would also be interested in working over writing and grammar points .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie which I am going to watch this Saturday .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURISTS
I bet it is an interesting story .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date compared to those of other countries is the way teachers communicate with students and transmit their knowledge to them
I was so extremely happy .
My wife and I got a nasty surprise when we were checking in at Vigo airport yesterday with our baby Pedro .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
It 's a third floor apartment right in the middle of the city .
In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
The real world was not like that .
- Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
I was just one more student from our college , with plenty of free time and looking for something else to do .
In Camden , every block has three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The transportation system is effective .
I am confident that my teaching experience and my research interests make me an ideal candidate for your open position .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together . Therefore , education is the only way to achieve it .
Just because of their attitude and aptitude , their behaviour … simply in the way they act , we can see their intentions .
Starting with The Blue Palace , you can visit some other old buildings .
For instance , my family do n't think that will happen in the next 10 years .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
I would expect that he was waiting for me .
My most exciting day was June 8th 2014 ; an international competition in Belgium .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
Dear Mr Williams ,
Following this , all types of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
There are so many temples here .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in your cafe .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody can put up with being very far away from all these things .
My favourite place to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive too .
On the top floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too crowded and full of smoke .
About Ricky Rubio :
Furthermore , he finds that there are many similarities between the development of Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal rock music .
But you were in Ireland . What are you doing here ? I was n't expecting you . " "
While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
Much dirty air is released every day .
The general public are using public transportation more than before .
Also , if it is the case , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards him .
A little boy called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lucky as his name suggested .
You know I was there on a trip .
Yours faithfully ,
The Alhambra gives you this opportunity !
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me and making me breathless .
Going to a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers , but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
He has to choose between treating his pets as family members or not .
Assessing these similarities and differences , each student has the option to choose the option which better suits his lifestyle .
Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
I ask myself If I had the possibility to change the world , would I try to do all that in your hands .
So Jenny , these are my two favourites film stars .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
Whenever I search on Google for " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
According to the findings , it is clear that , nowadays , going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
There are several types of transport in my town .
I was always fascinated by this American tradition of making a resolution list .
" The Exorcist " , the film .
The large - scale building projects have taken the space which should belong to the animals .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital . Therefore , they will find typical menus with products from Extremadura in its restaurants .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with the ocean and sea once and for all .
In addition , they produce nuclear waste , which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
To sum up , it would seem that downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
There you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
The only thing they have in common is the eyes , taken from their mother .
We 'd get there at about half past eight every day and start cleaning the main room proceeding with the smaller rooms in the cinema .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
I strongly recommend young people to choose sports in which you can be part of a team .
That makes us sad .
Yours faithfully ,
I look forward to your positive response .
On the trip you can do many activities , like climbing , swimming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the place .
The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
They are wonderful because they are always there when I need them .
I 'm wondering what you would suggest .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
Such as visiting museums , seeing touching movies , doing exercise and so on .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I used to take care of them when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
But the year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you want to do with your life .
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
I enjoy playing football because the feeling you get when you are on the field is priceless .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
This essay will look at some of the key causes and effects of obesity among people .
She explains that platinum is very hard to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
It is difficult to imagine how we could live without it .
I prefer to travel by train .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
HOW CAN YOU BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
From booking a flight to videocalling a distant friend , everything seems very handy nowadays .
I arrived in Spain on Sunday morning . It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
It shows in the video that the sheep actually has a big nose and lips just like a human .
At this point , there is a second reason I can give .
I love it so much .
My first night was easy because I only watched the screen and passed from camera to camera and nothing strange happened . I could only hear footsteps and noises .
These are defined as plant - derived substances that occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes and which manage and cure various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Disadvantages :
One of my favourite books is Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
Adults can influence the behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
The news on CNN includes events which are happening all over the world .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
Have you ever thought about how you could promote your language courses , for example ?
Time was n't passing fast enough for Peter .
Private transport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
There I saw how a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me the whole job again .
At the same time , there is one more opinion : that shopping is always enjoyable .
Although in the lecture it is admitted that international competition can cause problems for local businesses , mentioned in the article , he claims that it is worth competing with global corporations , because this way surviving local companies may get stronger than ever .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , so I can cook and am an excellent cook too .
Another important point is the necessity of approval by some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
Brand and good quality are not always the same .
However , you should still be able to drive yourself you can not only rely on that system , it is still not free from errors .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma .
Andreia
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has good weather all year .
A few minutes later , we were listening to ourselves on the programme . We were so nervous , but it was exciting for us . Our goal on the programme was to get a free ticket to the most popular electronic party in the world .
Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child . My teachers were all native speakers and I always practised my English with them .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
She 'll end up knowing the answer .
It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten days .
According , for a boy or girl , having strong muscles can make them look more attractive .
First of all , our generation of young people are more
Vietnam is a small country but it has defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's teenagers .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I love meeting new people from around the world .
It is their job to make decisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know anything else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
I took this time to command people who sacrifice their entire lives for the betterment of sportsmanship .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
Science practically improves our lives .
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and its speciality is German food .
Before I came to live in Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
They ca n't go to the cinema or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
" Tick " .
Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
He noticed that he was trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove . The difference is that , instead of a fan , here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it needs a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the purpose of a fan and a pump is the same : move fluid from a point A to a point B , but in one case , you have to move air and in the second case , water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations for Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color . This is known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination of one race against another .
Dear Sir / Madam
The most important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that I gained long ago .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
So it makes me excited .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother has been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
The girl liked Michael 's friend , Henry .
My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I did that .
People were surprised to know his relationship had been broken for so long .
It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell .
That 's it , not because of being non - clever .
Anyways , mom gave me a medicine ( I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement in infrastructure .
I am very glad to read this good news . It is the first step towards the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
Finally , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
Suddenly , the shadow covers him and Crazy Dog falls on the ground and dies .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
Secondly , it can fly .
Now , there are many means of transportation .
Burning of leaves and other waste products has also been made a punishable offence .
When I arrived there , I queued in the VIP queue .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
In the first place , my country 's politics are bad , and people have no work .
I'm a 22-year - old Egyptian .
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I could attend an English course .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world with the title Game of Thrones and it is currently receiving awards as the best TV drama series of all time .
Despite the difficulties that CLIL teachers have to overcome , the truth is that the atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some way special .
Do you have a great passion for films ?
Since television was launched onto the market , it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising . That is why the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Most people turn to Internet websites or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
The shock made Peter gasp .
The next thing I like about him is that he never pushes me into anything .
That is one of my favorite sports .
In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important method of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see all the daily activities which are posted by them .
First of all , public transport is rather more convenient than a private car .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
To inform people by running awareness campaigns .
My teacher said that I have done a fantastic project .
So I was just thinking about how to convince her .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us to have a good life .
Now , to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
In today 's intercultural world , one of the best assets people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own .
The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
One of the most beautiful places that you can visit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
Best regards ,
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section on your site , but it said :
In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a very important part of your life and you have to take care of it .
They have really saved my life in different cases .
My country has been attacked by Russia .
I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I finally decided to sit the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
To be honest , I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
Nevertheless , the skills are not diverse enough for children to deal with specific problems when living in a complex society .
To sum up , I think that if you want to do exciting sports , Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do other activities or go to interesting places .
We will do homework at home and send it to the teachers .
I think that I can help you with several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
The first advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
Then many things happen , and then they discover that the servants were not the ghosts .
Everywhere , there will be cameras and motion sensors .
Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
That makes them healthy .
Another reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in my hands , for me , is beautiful .
Hopefully , you 'll be able to visit the site .
Television can educate through content whose main purpose at first was entertaining .
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
He started the hospital system in my country .
There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
By phone , by mail or on your website .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
People who are eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
The reason he asked me to go to Balla was because Noman would feel lonely there as Badhon and her mother were not going .
Public transport has been made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
I saw the new Disney film , " Inside out " and I ate a lot of popcorn !
He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
The underground system can ease congestion .
I took a First Aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
In recent years , whether using the internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
But what about those snakes and guns in his photos ?
It is one of the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
The Washington Post wrote : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
I was told that the drink / soup changes frequently depending on what would be suitable at the moment .
These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
thank you for your present .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
In my opinion , many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
They can fight against the odds to be in the top league .
I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
Hi ,
As a result , I think traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
Write soon and tell me how you 're getting on .
There is no easy way , but it is necessary to do it .
He was waiting for us outside .
I think I might be a suitable person for the job because I have already worked with kids , especially teaching and having fun .
It is a creepy feeling .
Also , there were a lot of different channels that we chose from .
I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
They are obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeat them .
Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect on their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
First , the waste management system of our area is more effective than before .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge queues .
In another words , this kind of education system should be included in all classes in all schools .
I will be on vacation from July to September and I would be glad to work with children again .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
This experience of amplified minority stress prompted me to think about intergroup and intragroup interaction early in life .
The meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Even though most people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think the same as me .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singer and a famous master of ceremonies to make the wedding serious .
To get prepared for the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
This can be seen with teenagers , who seem to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer playing with video games on their own to going to the park .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
See you soon ,
But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
Also , the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
I am a big fan of American and British films , from classic to modern ones .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
universe is expanding and we still know little about it .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
Educational institutions should guide students to have better self - understanding and self - assessment , not persuade them to follow a pre - decided path .
Regards ,
Usually I go there with my friends or colleagues for dinner or lunch .
So , you will be able to experience and watch all these amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see traditional dances .
I was at school : while I was listening to the English lesson I felt a severe headache .
People do not earn as much money as they used to . In fact , they earn a lot less .
My favorite way of travelling is by train .
He lives in the wild .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
But women also think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility since then .
He chose to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
I 'm sure it is very healthy for your body .
Before that day , I was frustrated , so it brings happiness to my mind .
To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
Conception as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and , in these cases , abortion should be a choice .
They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
To sum up , teachers , skills and talent are more important for learning mathematics .
I realized that this is what I was looking for ; a new additional excitement to add to skating .
He asked me to observe him for a week .
On the other hand , the opening hours are not long enough and they should be extended .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
The movie 's main plot describes the early years of our protagonist , a poor orphan , who takes advantage of his powerful sense of smell to find new jobs .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
My town tries to take care of the environment , but sometimes it is not possible .
The judge ordered them to take position at the sites .
This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable solutions .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
To conclude , the lecturer disagrees with the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincing reasons .
I did wrestling at college .
It has both advantages and disadvantages .
They turned the turtle and took it to the water , where they freed it .
I also do homework but it 's not something I do because I like it .
Tom woke up as a beam of sunlight slanted through a crack in the wall of the old cabin .
Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
I 'm available whenever you are , so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
It all took about 3 minutes .
Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life are affected .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
Are things better today ?
For example , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane Eyre " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who remember their own past experiences .
This is why I believe that field trips are good for kids .
This restaurant is near the riverside of Zarate .
The subject of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .
Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their best to develop a civil and democratic society .
Bring that toy .
In my opinion , improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
Every movement seemed to take a minute to execute .
Despite the strengths mentioned above , there were also some areas that required some attention .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than the Vietnamese system .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it is also convenient to use it for travelling .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
I think I will really like it here .
The one which I like most is badminton .
We met each other near Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
The coaches are slow , so most people prefer the car .
Yours faithfully ,
Change is always good .
In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
Sunday , I went to the mall with the same people .
On the other hand , studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips it is more convenient to use a car .
Yours sincerely
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
I 'll try to work at home .
Of course they do .
The 3 types of music were even known in 1963 .
Lots of love ,
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to enrol in an English preparation course as soon as possible .
I can not agree with the statement that there is " no future for public transport " given that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
At the end of the meal , you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
These factors will be explained on another occasion .
Among a variety of sports , there is football , also known as soccer .
2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTION
When you come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock concert together ! Ca n't wait !
Tom
Why then are there still so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
To whom it may concern ,
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like , but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
This problem is that some apparatus are broken and the paint is bad .
I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting for our company .
Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate studies and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw on the noticeboard of your school .
He is the type of person you ca n't forget easily .
I needed practice with speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
However , now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
To illustrate , if teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge for them .
Smoking appeals to many people of different generations , because it gives fast relief for a short period of time . That is also quite reasonable .
He decided to get his computer and check his calendar , but it was in his office , which was 8 minutes away by car .
" I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
Your own and your community 's pockets ! ?
The amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
- I 've no problem with you !
The young generation in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
I love taking care of kids .
One of vampires decides to return to high school .
First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
Introduction
It is said that when you survive a situation which has taken you to the limit , you change .
We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities .
It is interesting because it has
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact that I was able to put aside money in order to build our flat step by step .
Best of luck with your dilemma and do n't forget to write and tell me the outcome !
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
My view is that , nowadays , English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
Lots of Love .
Huang Ji Huang is located in the popular district in North Jakarta which many people call PIK .
Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant , as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
If we 're planning for what we have , then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
Xyz
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbecued meat .
I was in a museum in New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared the museum alarm . Everyone was afraid , including me .
No ' she replied .
Also , seminars are other good sources to come up with and listen to a new idea .
It 's good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to play .
They are safer and cleaner .
Yours sincerely ,
Their main aim is to make the children happy .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on the fame of the person .
! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
Now , we can look at those Pyramids from the other side of the world , receiving a live video feed on a device we hold in our hands .
Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
After the concert , I saw Adele , and my friend took a picture of me with her !
They keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
Everything was just a bet , right ? ' Celine said .
The writer manages to get all your attention .
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our health .
Get it ?
Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
Firstly , some things about design must be taken into consideration .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
We must think of alternative solutions to this problem .
And congratulations on the baby ! " His boss looked at him angrily:- Do you think that I am pregnant ? " .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in your Laboratory .
They do not like travelling by bus or tram .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
It is worth seeing because it is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beers in Poland .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences as an English student for many years .
Maybe in the future homes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't need to clean up .
He thought that he had done the right thing , then went back home .
The kids loved learning new dances and cultures .
Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth , I like cooking and experiencing new things in general .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun in itself , even before you taste the dish . The mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Dear Jane ,
Last but not least , the mobile phone enables worried parents or suspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
Nowadays , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
Not only was it going to change my life , but also another person 's life .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I were so cute with our little dresses and tiny feet doing slow movements .
If private transport was fully replaced by public transport , the world 's economic foundations would shake and a global financial crisis of unprecedented impact could occur .
In conclusion , it 's more important to learn the concept than to say something stupid ....
Juan
Funding proposal
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if they 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free time .
Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
Peter had studied and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother would see him after four years apart .
He entered the office where they check the luggage .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
But when I decided to sit out and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch to this day , asked me to play with him .
According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on a camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people who , fortunately , had a radio .
It is the most important step during the whole processing .
In our world there are many personalities , more or less known , such a film stars , musicians and so on , but why ca n't they have normal lives ?
- ... You never change .
The questions discussed at the round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the strategic partnership of Russia and Turkey in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world 's population .
Governments should take some measures to deal with building more buildings . We will destroy the natural environment .
One of the latest films I have seen is Silver Linings Playbook , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
In the first place , robotics activity could provide learners with real situations which are related to irrelative courses , especially in scientific and medical ones .
After 30 minutes , the acoustic performance started , which lasted for about 15 minutes . Afterwards , we took pictures .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in , you had to go to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a widow , had just lost her job .
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
Finally , I am available to have an interview if you consider my qualifications positively .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be so expensive that most people will not be able to afford a car .
A historical place of importance in my country .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
I hope this letter finds you well .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Because of mind .
Personally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
Although there are a lot of things which could be improved , not everything is bad in this movie !
As a freelancer , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping that someone will like his stories and buy them .
If you go to Europe , you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will always be part of you .
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my revenues started growing .
Besides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it would really annoy your neighbours .
They do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
For example , the recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if it is clear enough , residents only need to heat it to wash dishes or even drink it .
Dear Sir ,
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also to sell only the parts of their lives they want .
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower .
When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
I am writing in reply to your advertisement published in the local newspaper for the vacancy of Junior Chef .
Generally , we use a cricket ground which has an oval shape .
Later , he also ordered us to clean our wet zones too .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the project continues ! " .
Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leave behind normal life . Nevertheless , I enjoy all kinds of films such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even silent films .
Parents , in some cases , are mentors to children .
I 'm really happy to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a good time .
I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
Therefore , I think we need public transport .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
If I were you , I would try a trial period for a month .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
Goodbye letter
There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided into 2 groups with a different schedule for each one .
It 's a pity to know that only a few programs exist that try to educate people with the most up - to - date information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us to acquire more knowledge .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
I did that for three summers and I still help out at my parents ' restaurant when a they are in need of a hand .
The main course is very heavy - lots of potatoes with meat .
At first , I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with bringing up my four younger siblings .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much as the interior .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century .
We play in teams or each one alone .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds ' biodiversity , as stand by research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
No future for public transport ?
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bull - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
In addition , it is often claimed that it is cheaper than travelling by car .
Edison began serious research into the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in place of your sister ?
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
" You two are finally here . I know who you are . "
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There is no future for public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
Classes are being held much more interactively than in previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is more fun .
I recommend you to try this kind of job if you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
I can still recall the day Cathy and I took Casino to Taipei City Hall , walking him along the department store pavement , and playing with him all day long .
Nowadays , we can see in all the streets a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people clean the city .
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago with a very good grade .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle . We will change our clothes , thinking and other things . We will be more dependent and we will need more things for our day to day life .
As a person , I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
or movies do not really change , young people watch old
Hi , How are you ?
What I really enjoy is lying on the grass .
Sebastian
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
Doors will open to our voice , footprint or retina scan .
Most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are in making money .
If you respect your friends , then they will respect you .
just a quick answer your request .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , and increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
Besides that , we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
And we will continue this process for as long we exist .
But they did n't do that much after finding out this truth .
The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
People are unpleasant because all of is is bad quality , so governments ought to update it with new technology which protects the environment .
For couples who have babies , there should be babycare services .
I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
2- Norouz
And this sport ... I 'm surprised you can still play piano after all those accidents you 've had .
I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have a driving license .
I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Finally , it is the safest way to travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
I have been told that I am quite good with children .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days of my life .
Being fit is nice ! :)
Also , there are different types of training during military service . People generally do a lot of training in obedience or how to use weapons .
Since ancient times , public transport has existed , and it suffered numerous assassination attempts . In China , for example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that time , chariots ) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against the Mongol 's dictatorship on it ; the situation was reversed in an early socialist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars an instrument of oppression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic about a wide range of activities , open and friendly .
My favourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
In 1723 , there were 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
And the last , but not the least , thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only solution for them is public transport .
She looked up and she was surprised to see the stranger beside her was the famous Michael .
Would I hide behind crowds ?
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel the feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
Anyway , before the BBC had announced who was going to play the Doctor 's role , the fans had started making speculations about who could act as him .
On the other hand , the most important advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , the exposure , which would help you understand the language from native speakers ' point of view and be aware of how some expressions or words are actually used .
You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
It 's true that their lives are too exposed and they can not have a normal life .
On the other hand , we have transport .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Norouz :
Dear Sir / Madam :
My favorite books are , of course , all the Twilight books ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe . It 's fascinating !
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
From : Rafa
During the lesson I was very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
And it 's sooo bad .
To : Alex
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " . I have no words to describe how beautiful they are .
A lot of people choose public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
Her husband had died a long time ago .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door , he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .
The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did not say anything to her .
We enjoy watching football matches .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Although they have those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situations .
You will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them on .
I am calm and confident .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale faces .
I called it LOZAH because its color was like an almond .
Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Family can take the bus from place to place , instead of driving .
For instance , art museums include art collections such as paintings by many different artists .
Most Shenzhen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and speak various regional dialects .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things you still need to finish .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
This kind of transport is regarded as a convenient way to travel .
Thus , there is a source of agreement and another source of disagreement , which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
I think style is very important in our lives .
" Yes , sir . "
I will permit everybody to explain his point of view .
I will elaborate on points to support my opinion in the following paragraphs .
The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics , so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and , at the same time , very realistic .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
In fact ,
He is very muscular now .
I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , and l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop my existing skills , so I will definitely be a suitable candidate for this job .
More usage of vehicles may cause serious problems such as depletion of natural resources and environmental issues such as pollution .
An elderly university professor had to give his students the last lesson of his professional life , because he was going to retire .
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
My favourite sport is soccer .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I will be happy to have you here .
Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth . He could taste heaven in his mouth .
After three rings , he answered the phone , his breath short . '
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than travelling by car .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
There was no anger in her voice , but amusement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
See you soon .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxinjg because you do not have to rely on others to drive for you .
Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
Thanks for your e - mail .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
4 . The author mentions the origin of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind people of the meaning of that word .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
The better I can perform the more I can earn .
Hi Sam ,
During my career I have gained extensive experience in academic writing .
At the beginning , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
Normally , summer is the best season for travelling .
First , I am good at cooking .
That 's easy .
Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for humankind , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat from her face .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature of approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
Security guards had a lot of work to do but , thanks to them , we stood a chance of dealing with other problems , such as , for example , regulating the quality of the sound .
Possibility of the shops
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
I have experience of working in a cafe .
Once , people thought he would not succeed .
But this changed after my brother arranged with me to organize our time .
Old school dance .
Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
I hope these simple actions can be used by other people because the environment needs us to work together for a better world .
Furthermore , schools should offer a year in industry for students in the last two years , which would not only teach them a lot more than school only would , but it would also attract more people to the school itself .
I was manager at a retail store .
We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
My advice for people that are going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
Because the population density is increasing all the time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value , which gives high rank to bravery .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
However , sheets that are " partially damaged " will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions .
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
no smoking in public places .
We use communication all the time .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Arabs .
During the interview , I realised the different ways I could use to get away if I were alone .
First of all , there is absolutely no safety in the modern world .
However , he is not typical .
A plane may take about 16 hours .
I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to Gorky Park .
People who participated in that " way to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
There is a lot of food all over the world .
It helps to cope with stressful situations .
My name is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married and I do n't have children .
People are thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and saving money .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
We stopped on the side of the road and looked for a solution .
Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
Also , I have taken courses in cooking .
We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
Nothing is worth getting stressed out about .
Socializing does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
At first sight , those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
It 's the capital 's central park where you 'll find lots of interesting things .
So , if we still do n't do anything new , our country will still be unattractive .
When these people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can live more freely .
If you want to know more about this sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .
Many people consider them indispensable .
Write and tell me how you are getting on .
Above all , the design is the most important step we should know , which involves considering the background color and artwork .
However , there is also an endless of leisure activities , such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .
The enormous number of cars and the traffic jams cause pollution of the air and smog .
These cars can go down to their destination and then , go up again until the driver pushes a button .
Friendship today
I do n't know if I can agree with that but I listened to them . :)
To conclude , global warming is a serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view on the Peak .
Training in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Obesity is one of the most significant challenges of present - day society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
Each kind of guiding light helps us , but the most important thing is to choose the right and accurate person .
What would I do for my country ?
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens take care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
That work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be bored .
There are a variety of transport means .
These new technologies also help in the development of teaching .
I do everything , but nothing .
In my opinion , we need a more convenient life but also to maintain a certain balance .
Today , Sandrine fainted during a fashion show .
Today is the big day , the day of his presentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment .
Introduction
Because of this risk , abortion can be considered an option .
Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
I will wait for you at the cinema entrance .
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively , tapping his feet .
A great number of buildings stand on the land ,
Both opinions have their merits .
Musically satisfying , ' Happy in my heartache ' , tells the story of tragic love .
There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
That 's a good phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
As far as I am concerned ,
As you can imagine , they are confidential and they should be handled with caution .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
I believe that there should be more buses for the convenience of people .
A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .
I am fourteen years old and interested in this job and believe I have the qualifications .
Her teachers have complimented her on being focused , creative and eager to learn .
I 'd always heard about that place , so I thought it would be okay to go .
This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
Using public transport helps save resources such as fuel and electricity .
Clothes is harder , as I said before , because fashion
Well , to travel in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
First of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
I do also like a song called Classic with an artist called MKTO .
INTRODUCTION
You can go by train , by bus or maybe rent a car .
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) research shows that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
I personally believe that , because of all this , the public transport will have no future in our society .
They can climb the " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
Dear Mr Wallis ,
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the planet .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dress and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
In addition to having hard physical training and getting different special skills , people also can improve their personal qualities through military service .
Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
In the year 2020 , there was conflict between Japan and the United States .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Since public transport decreases the number of people
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
How are you doing ? I 've heard on the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your latest PC program .
Hartoghstraat 844
If you look like a foreign person , local people could try to rip you off .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
I go to the garage to get my motorbike .
Once more . I am sorry .
And we need to know the reason for these changes and what we can do to improve them .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
The traffic is very heavy nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach your office on time .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talking English " when I speak English .
Being a celebrity means working all the time . You have not a single moment to relax and forget about your work .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racquets .
I want to tell you about the concert at my school . It was really cool .
But there is one more question : travel by car or public transport ?
But , if I could be there , I would n't waste my time walking down the streets or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper of my city .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
He is from Giresun .
If TV programmes are a lot of rubish , it is because some people prefer them .
-drink alcohol excessively
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
She dreamt about living in a big city where no one would know her .
We 've planned a nice event to celebrate my 50th .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to use their own car to go to work , school , or whatever .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies , like other teenagers .
Suddenly , we heard the sound of running footsteps .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feeling , our health and our finances , too .
In every historical period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
I think that he will be a great asset to your college .
Today is the day . I have been told that I will be moving to my new apartment .
Adri
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood for studying .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
On the one hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
This book was written by Jane Yolen .
Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people at a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
The first thing I noticed was the importance of clarifying all the requirements with the clients .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
" Golem " , as we all know , are magical creatures made from mud and having black rocks for eyes which can be brought to life by an incantation .
The international round table was devoted to the study of Russian - Turkish relations .
Having made this decision , Max found the courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the success of teachers ' efforts .
About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
Is that present for me ?
We discuss a special topic about ‽time . This famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut you " .
However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedom , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
Avoiding traffic jams , construction sites , accidents and other obstacles you may be affected by may result in a shorter amount of time spent travelling .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
You should take advantage of that !
We had our own trainer , who was a man who had played football before .
I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthened and enhanced .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read very hard books with hundreds of pages .
I am therefore confident that my teaching experience , my skill in working with ESL and LD students , and my research interests all make me an excellent candidate for the assistant professor of English position at ABC College .
I met her in second grade . We were queuing to go into class . That was the moment I saw her .
However , they must be supervised , especially by their parents .
I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what to think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
Then we went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
Do you know " The Flying Dutchman " ? I consider him as the Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important sports competitions .
Almost all of them were heard shouting in panic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
I would say that some problems will arise and people will lose their jobs .
Therefore , for me , writing in English , now , is more important than ever .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
Title : The kimono .
The local government of Mińsk Mazowiecki has recently implemented new laws which concern rubbish segregation .
Sincerely ,
This provides evidence that life experiences and the surroundings where you grow up have defined the kind of person you are today .
Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger of white - collar workers , but it can also harm their health .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash our clothes .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chille chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to renew the soul and revive the spirit .
There could be a third situation .
We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
Besides , this type of vacation is usually less expensive than going abroad .
Here you can really forget about the city pollution !
This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better off than others and I 'm grateful .
As a matter of fact , when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
I like the restaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Our enemy ?
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
I live in Camden .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
It would be kind of you to attend the event and buy something .
What did you do yesterday ?
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children 's education .
Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
She opened the room with some keys that all the waitresses have , and saw Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
And sometimes , programmes are too aggressive and give people bad messages .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of your body .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
She wanted to surprise Michael with some delicious pasta and some rose wine .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
Andreea
Conversely , we share our deepest worries and problems with our close family and friends because we are not afraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we trust .
Famous directors such as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar have been to the club in the last weeks .
Four vampires had been murdered .
The service is very organised and fast . Although it might be high season , you will not have to wait a long time .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
I worked so hard , but really enjoyed playing .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
I love them all .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class , and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
He was n't answering his phone . '
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get off the bus and I 'll meet you at that bus stop .
Dear Amanda :
A team of professional cleaners responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled every four hours and divided by areas .
Also , I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
Although the two movies are from completely different genres , similarities still exist .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide whether to be a human or not .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of antenna .
He knocked on the door .
One of my passions in this world is helping people , any kind of people ; old , disabled , poor people and kids .
Therefore , we are reforming and making high - tech items , likes LEDs , photoelectric , vacuums , steam mops , etc .
Kyle is really proud , but so are all men .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
There are many places to visit , but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bringing it onto the markets , have proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
The weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Saving energy is the other important method available to everyone .
Hi Jo !
He did not even remember what had happened and a serious headache made him not want to get out of bed .
I am a 22-year - old part - time student of the local university .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
Hi John ,
It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal within ninety minutes .
He climbed the tree clumsily and managed to enter through the open window .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
Who are we ?
He could n't continue like that so he hacked one of the cabins of a woman that he loved .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
There are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
I love this restaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers and lights ; it was a very dangerous situation .
If you have any special eating customs , will you tell me ?
I 'm pleased to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
My findings are presented below .
Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training and we may not agree with them and learn more from them , I think parents are not the best teachers in our life .
She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
One person likes going hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
They were invented to help us calculate things in the first place , anyway .
Meanwhile , Michael is also a sensitive guy .
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
The majority of people tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for school or work success .
Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
These people believe that over the next few years we will see a severe decline in the number of people using buses , trains , trams , etc . to get to places .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
Well , my college has an organization called Enactus .
We feed worms our food and organic waste , which has drastically decreased it .
In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishment could be an excellent idea .
At that time , I was really proud of myself that I could beat him so easily .
Not only the growing proportion of impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
In addition , what about domestic waste , which is our reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste , because each of us , in our own small way , is a great threat to the environment .
It made me speechless !
On the contrary , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
But , on the other hand , a traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
There are the three following reasons .
It was like breathing in a forest .
For those who enter , it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
Computer - based learning would be a great idea to attract more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
I know it is the best option when you want to travel abroad .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
Let 's start hiking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while public transport is more convenient overall .
If grammar was part of the lesson , it would need to be a point that is being revised .
Football is a sport where anything can happen . the best teams do n't always win and it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream team .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
As I 'm taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
At the northern end of the square you will find the State History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts charting Russia 's past right back to the stone age .
What if that boy was smarter than him ?
Therefore , joining a sports team where they can share similar interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
At an early age , he lost his mother to illness .
Is he feeling bored ?
Outdoor games are made just for this purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
I believe that technology has really improve our means of our transport .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
The day before , there were the qualifiers , which I passed .
Of course , I could go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
I think that 's all . I hope that it will be helpful .
Hi Jose ,
These days , traffic jams are a fact in big cities ; therefore a lot of time is lost to commuting .
When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we could devote to studying .
This means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
After graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
Life at university involves a lot of difficult and interesting things .
He lives in Prado so I have to take two buses and that is very tiring .
We are living in an ever changing world .
1- Inflation in the population ; the roads will not be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to meet that demand and to offer a good time too .
Secondly , in his letter , the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
She taught me step by step how to prepare for life .
In the first place I will tell you who are the most important people in my life .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in the event of an accident .
Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
Therefore , people accept that military service could be an easier way to protect their country .
Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to software design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experience in the field .
Regular exercise is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance .
Fortunately ,
There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " USA summer camps " .
In addition , I work as a civil servant who should follow the government rules .
In light of the foregoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
what 's up ?
It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret ; he is visited by ghosts .
First of all , I 'd love to visit new places .
I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
It was a rainy Monday afternoon and Michael was gazing out the window thinking about his life , when he saw his friend , John , dashing along the street .
I do not have very good English writing skills .
In my opinion , it is very important to speak several languages , not only for the above reasons , but also to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
That is why I think I am an authority on toy advertising .
The stars playing this game add to the already amassed recognition of the sport .
Soviet President Gorbachev agreed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
It had been a very intense and tiring day for all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was the most valuable player too .
In conclusion , public transport will be an excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
The benefits of any sport make your health good , so we should do it . Just do exercise every morning to make your blood flow in your whole body .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it has become more common in recent years .
As a result , even though he kept expressing his apologies to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
There could be a lot of reasons , like the idea of living in an adventurous way or doing things in secret . But in real life , what kind of person does a secret agent have to be ?
Eating is something everyone must do .
He plays for Chelsea .
I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
Because of all these reasons , I believe transport will have a bright future .
So , we have to consider how to solve these problems for the next generation .
He shouted " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned around and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
For me it is like meditation . I can think about everything or nothing .
On the other hand , the bad things are that you have to park outside of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you ca n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
Sometimes , the bus schedule is not suitable for me .
Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalists .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
But she could n't .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD .
There are lots of kinds of transportation like buses , cars , subways , trains or taixs .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
I try to watch every race every fortnight and the training the day before the race .
Usually he was energetic , full of confidence , ready to party .
As I 've got some extra money at last , I think It 's high time for me to think about how to make it cozy and comfortable .
Above all , they talked more . We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Third , when it comes to travel , what really matters is not your destination .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they wear the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages to watching TV .
I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
Last month I watched Fast and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
Sebastián Ferrari
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
Also , they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them trustworthy characters as teachers .
My work was reserving tickets for the customers .
First of all , let me tell you , there has been a great change in people 's minds .
On the other hand , using a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage and effects .
But if you know how to deal with your anxiety during the exam period , you can take the success of passing exams for granted .
How are you ?
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking about buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for the European economies if the car industry collapsed .
There are no winners or losers .
When you are in the water , you will feel relax .
Fuji at sunset .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
We should be careful when we drive .
Although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
So , is it really worth getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or getting their first job ?
In fact , I am attending a course to learn to cook well .
Then , disaster struck .
With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The park consists of a complex of renovated buildings .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irresponsible , but he thought that the arrangement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
And I think that it 's not technology that will change , but the people and their characters .
Why do we call them youngsters ?
Will my life be the same ?
The future houses will be different not in terms of architecture , but in terms of functionality .
One of the drawbacks of going to the shops is that we spend a huge amount of money .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components , and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
There are several big plazas in the center of the town .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
-Work in the kitchens .
Introduction
Oh my God !
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change to her life .
Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
Nowadays , the internet is used all over the world for many purposes .
But there had been a snowstorm and he could n't drive through the snow .
For me , the solutions to these problems are easy .
Anyway , I have never been a witness . What do I have to do ?
Deforestation can damage the cycle of nature .
He loved Rose with his entire soul , a soul that he was losing .
I have an example .
Eventually the concert came off just perfectly !
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
Some of us are afraid to travel because of the recent cases of ISIS terrorism .
Children have to take an entrance examination .
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
Dear Mr ... ,
So they would help to solve a bit the problem for the UK 's recycling system .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
Who on Earth could that be ?
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The most interesting place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
Second , being punctual .
I wanted us to be able to live together forever . They took care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
He mostly played in the number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 and 45 .
Yours sincerely ,
For example , if they do not have enough money to have a home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get financial support from the government .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stops , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
Later that same day , Louis went cave diving in the mainland .
In the end , one guy decided to do the challenge .
, with the latest technological systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces by well - known artists and upcoming talents .
For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
They are key clues in forensic investigation .
However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a movement .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
In conclusion , I would rather say that companies must reinforce our humanity before manipulating the environment in such a radical manner .
They took her to the hospital .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
He just could n't take it .
We can be famous and earn more money .
Now you know what my favourite book is , so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is … Of course , Harry Potter .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
We need to start doing something to avoid pollution .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the young , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
He took his car and drove to the flat .
People often tend to go on their own , as private vehicles , such as cars can be bought easily with loans provided by banks .
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
When we were schoolgirls , we used to spend all our free time together .
On the face of it , it sounds childish , but I think it 's a good way to spend free time , even for adults .
That makes them more educated .
In general , houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
I usually travel by public transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by car .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
A reason for this may be the fact that , over the years , people change and grow apart .
And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
Some people claim that the youth of today are less healthy than they were two decades ago .
Unfortunately , it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my friend Lucy had n't encouraged me .
C.
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours , but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability to live in and visit countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Marian
I had penfriends in the United States of America and Australia .
Japan asked the United States for help . They gladly agreed , and they dragged Japan back up to their normal status .
In my city , protecting the environment is so difficult .
As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadens your horizon and helps you to understand different nation s ' policies .
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
For example , they collect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while liquid and solid , degradable waste goes in a red container .
Michael usually had a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
Margarita Varela
Full of rage and disappointment , she opened the door and saw the woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
Humans can easily damage the environment just by throwing their waste away without recycling or ruining the places where animals live .
Most , if not all , of the inhabitants of this planet would answer ' yes ' .
It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
Anyway , I did n't notice the skateboard which lay in front of my feet .
TV has many benefits :
He has travelled a lot . He knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
These people can be deemed as the best teachers in our life , even if these people , perhaps , are not our parents .
AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
In my opinion , by sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we finish work we can go directly home .
Tanny is a human rocket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
Is she mad ?
It is a very cool mountain .
At this moment he woke up .
I have read your call for marketing professionals on your corporate website .
how are things going ?
For example , in 1933 the capital city of Iran , Tehran , drew its entire water supply system using the same principle of qunats , though with a lot more complications added into it .
She made a note and wrote it down .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
The good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and the bad sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the very last step .
The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject .
Have a good trip !
But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
They were to fly next Monday and come back next Sunday .
A fire in the French Alps
What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
A thing that I would like people to know is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about business , management , economics , sales , engineering , technical support and other skills .
He prefers to study at home .
It brings us a lot of opportunities to change and , in some cases , to get a better life in other countries and find a job with the highest salary .
I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl living with me to living alone .
I run every day .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov officially resigned .
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
Then it comes to the printing step .
My relaxing activity
The internet is the best means of communication .
Scout 's character is kind of a tomboy .
The first thing you need to start with is a deadline to get everything done by .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
She felt butterflies in her stomach .
Have you ever heard of hockey ?
1 . INTRODUCTION
In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and they often park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
" I am a porter .
His means of making a livelihood is the simplest .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching down .
Hi Julie ,
The answer , of course , is no , because you can always put it in another gear , even if you think you need to give up .
Every word I say , I say for a reason .
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmes about science on TV .
Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
This time , you are on your own .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concepts to be the best way to deal with many academic and real - life problems .
Although our town is quite small , there are a wide variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , toy shops or book shops .
" We can move to smaller house or fire some of the servants ? "
Yours sincerely ,
I have a strong belief that being multilingual is essential for working in the financial industry and Mandarin is an important language for working in Asia - Pacific countries .
Richard 's family lives opposite .
My teacher told me some things about the country .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
I plan to develop my dissertation into a book manuscript , and continue to research the role of female writers in antebellum magazine culture , with a particular focus on the rise and influence of female magazine editors on literary culture .
Through teamwork , students at varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
in other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses that you wish for the same price .
And it is going to be this way for all eternity .
So , we can say , with less deforestation there would be less global warming .
Test cricket is an old format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' skills and only the best player can achieve success in this format .
But most teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or elderly people .
It 's an unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Among young people there is a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
He took a sheet of paper and a pen and started to write .
I asked her .
He forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
Next , we visited a famous aquarium where I saw a lot of fish .
I think you would love it .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Age .
Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
But that 's not all ...
Who is he ?
The messages are very important ones which affected me .
The purpose of the survey was to discover the popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
In the evening I watch movies .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra fees and different zones .
Many green zones have been created .
I was seventeen years old when I decided to accept this job .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience , of course .
First of all , the products that are manufactured must meet the requirements of customers perfectly .
It was at Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
Date : 25th May 2014 .
I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for your time .
But on the other hand , the number of mobile phones has risen .
What do you think ?
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects things from breakage .
Which capacity and model will we work on ?
I compete in skiing and I think it 's great fun . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this , they are sitting on a comfortable sofa .
I like it very much . I play it at a club .
These days , shopping is one of the most important parts of life .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
Suddenly , the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
One is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executives at Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
More than that , the car is always there when you need it .
On the other hand , the benefits in health will be significant .
When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
It was one of the happiest days of her life .
Now you can shop on Sundays although your shopping spree will still be limited to Zurich railway station and the airport , not to mention some limited choice of simple foods at occasional motorway services .
They showed me what slalom skating was .
For example .
The official collapse of the Soviet Union occurred in December 1991 .
We made our university proud , plus we helped people .
The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
These days , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he loves me very much .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
I will pass them on to them and we will discuss them .
So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I am trying on new clothes which suit me .
I am writing to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the world ;
People were given the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice using resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Topkapi Palace was built in the 1470 's and the Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
However , someone has to take care of them .
With all that , I do have my favorite club , team and country as well .
Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
Our lawns are also a problem .
So , the convenience of travelling by car is not entirely true .
design .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading throughout mankind 's history .
THANKS
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
You will be watching with full interest .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
He had never worked , but they had been living in a 40-room house with a huge garden and so many servants that she could not remember their names .
I hope to see you soon
Yes , indeed !
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called a Hoopoe .
In the sky , including airplane flights and airport facilities .
It was weird that Niall was missing .
After that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
Our society is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just realised that she would n't be alone anymore .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
It is a fantastic film with beautiful scenery and an exciting story .
Best wishes ,
Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them , they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
News on TV tells us what is happening in the world .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
The six friends might not have the same opinions , they might argue , they might get angry with each other , but they always forgive and forget !
Introduction :
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
Every year we have " earth hour " .
Not everyone has a car , so public transport is needed in every country .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle are your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
As the story continued , people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
First , I want to introduce myself .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
She wasted it . She can not get it back .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Taking a year off after finishing school can be harmful depending on what you 're planning to do in that year .
Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
It is a great journey that is worth it !
I have two kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old , so I have plenty of experience with kids .
Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always room for further discussion .
The health improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
The source of this rule is easy to identify , especially when parents are talking to their kids ; it is hard to get the kid 's attention exclusively , but the parents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am talking to you " .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language . Because of that , it is considered the universal language .
As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in both domestic and international transport etc .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do practice as nobody is on the field .
Have you ever tried it ?
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toast like usual !
All in all , it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resources will be done .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time as you express yourself making an artwork .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
Dear camp director ,
announced the way they take care of the town .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brainstorm from day 1 , and then it continues with the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
As I am 13 years younger than my brother , our parents spend more time with me than with him .
Can you help me somehow ? Please . I want to study this subject .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
The high cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
It was good to hear from you .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
It was my best friend 's voice .
Just being with him is enough .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
I went to London in April .
Not only does it give people a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearance .
Eventually , the debris hits the Shuttle and thus more debris is created which follows the orbit of Earth and moved around it at a very high speed .
Best wishes ,
David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
My clients were very impolite .
They will correct our tasks and send them to us again .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Thanks to the fact that the judge 's best friend had been killed by the man the chemist killed , they went free and without bad feeling .
For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
I look forward to your answer , Eider
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
It 's even the longest river I ever saw .
Firstly , people can take the bus or the underground and leave his or her car at home .
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will be worth it .
They were moving in slow - motion .
For instance , it is really motivating for students to use technology in the classrooms .
Every music expresses different feelings .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
And I would always have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
His long lost best friend Sara .
The culture shock is what international students need to overcome .
Many people follow fashion designers .
8 years later , she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
Yours sincerely ,
It is suitable for 68976 people .
To conclude , although social media seem flawless , we should always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .
I looked at them , trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping into your own car .
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
For multinationals maybe ?
I am also a volunteer for a youth church club .
Personally , I consider curing cancer the most challenging goal for the next generation of researchers and inventors .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
We will go there next Monday .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job by checking local advertisements on the Internet .
And for anyone trying to become a good basketball player , the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
I learned how to jump over many things , such as chairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jump over .
It 's not easy for me to talk about myself , but I 'll do my best .
It 's going to be sunny and warm dude !
And we had booked all our hotels in advance .
When this phenomenon occurs , most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
I tried to use different strategic inputs that could help me to argue . For example : you are totally uninterested in reading between the lines ! You never listen to me ! I even called him a lummox and a stumblebum .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
At the same time , this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society . Is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other chemicals .
She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , because not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
There are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
I have some free months and I want to earn some money .
When I go to karate I 'm not even sick .
Here we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrition …
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
We have to go quickly from one place to another , just to be in time to fulfil our next task or activity .
It all started very naturally .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was taking place .
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
A good use of magic is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
In the end , my friends and I jumped into the sea .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this was a trick .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from communal living .
Dancing is something that human beings have always done , in one way or another .
Paco
Although she tried to hide , she became a great and famous model .
The silence that followed her words was oppressive .
During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
Unfortunately , I did n't have time to answer .
Firstly , fast food is unhealthy .
This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
ADVANTAGES
We stayed there all the afternoon , talking and laughing like we had been friends for ages .
Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
I think that science has altered our lives in a positive way .
Many people around the world follow international sports events passionately .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about history and about our ancestors ' services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for the murder and to arrest the murderer .
" Hey little boy , what are you doing ?
In Mexico , a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
Maybe .
He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .
He explained that he had seen that girl on the beach .
They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
I prevented my class from winning the championship .
It 's really fun !
Grandma is so sweet , but at the same time crazy as well .
I hope people will take them as an example and introduce similar ideas in their own towns or villages .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the former - every time we play basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
From the best to the worst .
Not even her boyfriend knew about this , and she felt ashamed because , deep inside her , she knew that he would feel betrayed and he probably would n't want to be with her anymore .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's being chased by the agency .
' The letter that changed my life '
It depends on the individual , how they make use of the opportunity .
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is their own car .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Subject : Shopping facilities
So on the day the vacation started I was the happiest I 've ever been .
Dear John
That saves time because they receive each request only once and in an organised manner .
I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
As a result , horrible traffic jams occurred .
All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter . The main types of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
See you later ... " .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I have never seen such scenery like that in my country , since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
About one third of the rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul and jazz .
But I think different .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Conclusion :
This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit making them .
But then industrialization came and , with that , technology , so ways of life started to change and everything started to go faster .
As I 've also run the marathon three times and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art through his pictures .
I 've worked as a security guard in a lot of places around the world .
I hope I will do that again sometime .
Fuji will continue to make a wonderful impression on many people forever .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to their classmates what activities need to be done .
They are studying at an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
• 30% of them said they never watch them .
The art gallery is nice too .
The whole business success would not have reached perfection without the help of transportation to distribute their materials and commodities well .
I almost ate it all !
To help you , I need to know what you prefer to do .
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
Thank you for your e - mail .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft Office packages .
Here you will find all the trendy brands and much more .
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibility of escaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
If you are thinking that you should do some sports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent buildings , and where you can enjoy the latest technology and have fun .
Moreover , children can also learn to sympathize with others by keeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsible .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
For some , this activity is a torture ; for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
When I have free time , I usually run , because I feel really relaxed after that .
Nowadays , ways of life have been changing in many ways .
People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
That is why we try to buy a personal car .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
In our imperialist and capitalist world , we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities .
Elena could n't have been happier with the situation .
His eyes looked automatically at how Celine looked today .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
It was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to marry him .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable .
It 's not too late , though , to try to bring our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
I think it would be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
Another aspect I would like to emphasise is the service .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
My favorite sport is football .
Dear Jo ,
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
That 's why I prefer travelling by car instead of public transport .
I can confirm that she had a special connection with the kids : she was admired by those who had a great time with her .
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
He wanted to own all she had .
And when they had nothing to quench their thirst and hunger with , she used to invent imaginary worlds where they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .
Computers depend on humans for their existence .
WHY TENNIS ?
An important deal , is never to quit .
Everything was going very well ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
Terry
All the best ,
Unfortunately , Walter can not find the shot , so he has to look for the traveller , which is not easy .
It is better not to interfere in internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
As time went by , football remained my favourite sport .
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
Maybe it 's because , in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
If you need a place to stay , I have a guestroom available , but that 's entirely up to you .
During face - to - face learning , students have a teacher - student relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop interpersonal skills and coexistence .
I also think that following famous people could sometimes be dangerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media usually show plane accidents more often .
You might spend time and money learning a language .
Get down .
He stopped at a great big building , knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller - scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
The day before I started school , I did an investigation for literature class .
I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
In 1995 , there were green areas . However , they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for the former difficulties to be prevented .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy Mexican food .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched by a large number of people .
I am going to communicate to you something about military service .
The young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and , for some people , is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
The day when I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
Some values such as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people today .
I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part more than others .
The principal objectives of this proposal are to outline the main problems that the company 's website has , and suggest ways that the web designers can deal with them .
I really love learning English language & French language and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
Everyone was happy for some time and true peace between the countries of the world had been achieved , but then the United States enslaved Canada and tried to enslave Japan as well , but they were able to defend themselves .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to another people use different means .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a priest who blesses her twice a month .
The program I started at school was very tough for me , because of my slow English writing .
Karate can be started by anyone and at any age .
They seek solace in someone who they feel more comfortable with .
It is hard to believe during the time of segregation , black people were treated as second - class citizens not only in real life but also in the constitution .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
Moreover , I have training in the field of customer service since I finished a customer service training course at George White College .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash , throwing it away in different bags .
Take care ,
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
However , sometimes the narrator tends to fill in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginary parts or tries to embellish certain parts of the story .
I fully understand why it is so difficult to decide which activity is more important for you .
If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at restaurant # 57 , which is on the third floor of Gum .
You need to invest your time and energy in it so as to achieve results .
Gehad
I know it may seem like a meanness on her part .
Some people say there is no future for public transportation , but I do n't think so .
He went back home to get ready for school and he tried to forget what he had seen , but he could n't .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
In that case , the choice of public transport will be preferable .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievous behavior .
As for the server and database administrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend part of the website .
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
In my city , we do n't have a regular policy of care for the environment .
Of course , for people to live better , but it would be useful for modern houses to be constructed so as not to damage the environment .
My favorite food is fillet of beef with bea and pommes .
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also the surroundings .
I have included for you the name in this e - mail . I think you should take a look !
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city , it 's very much nature and nice people .
His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
It can be argued that public transport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
However , note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied . For young people , for older people , for people with disabilities , being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
Through a series of programmes and events organised by local voluntary organisations , both adults and children are instructed about the importance of waste reduction and recycling .
There is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " absorb " the language and its rules .
However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to those of the parents would be a great help in the child raising process .
I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work here .
She was a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Syria .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
The Italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of a business depends on many different factors .
But , the future will change this situation .
This is such a chronic problem throughout my country .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel ; they start to work .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions suggested by the mayor help us stop the pollution .
Thank you in advance for considering my application .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
As he thought as he done .
The old man said to him " my son needs surgery today or he will die " .
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
I also learned that men think in a different way from women during the day .
Without forests , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will disappear .
First , dressing as appropriately as possible .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real means of connection with each other .
If everyone used public transport , climate change would not increase more .
Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
The floor is so dirty " and she went .
Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about the loss of quality of photographs and pictures .
I am thinking of attending a course for two or three weeks in August .
Dear Paco ,
Thank you very much .
Secondly , associability is important for both languages and mathematics .
This is a documentary about science .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention of escaping when they picked that piece of writing in the first place .
However , reading is the most important stimulus to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
To win the game , a good strategy should also be applied .
This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses that come with it .
They live in tents that do not protect them from cold weather or dangerous insects .
Tourists can encounter difficulties such as a traffic jam .
See you soon ,
Trains are going to be used forever .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives .
Even when celebrities are having holidays , people ask them to give them an autograph .
Mia was her name .
I think driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because sport , children and the country are among my hobbies .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
I would like to apply for a position in any of your summer camps in the USA .
For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
Hi Patty ,
Those blue eyes , were much darker with insecurity , doubt and mystery .
Prices of train tickets can be very high and they should be reduced .
Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to see you
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
Humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate for you .
I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
It 's so exciting .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelier by an artist called Sia .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
I will tell you everything when we meet !
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
Hi Mary !
In the meantime , his mind always thought of Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Waiting to hear back from you ,
Who brings us up ?
For today 's teenagers it is hard to imagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decades ago .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always practise this style because I want to improve .
They even have a football stadium , so if you want to do that as well , let me know .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
Furthermore , GM food can also improve the production of crops .
For references , you can contact the principal of the school , who will be happy to supply you with any information .
While he is already working and sharing a house with his wife and his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
Hence , it is not possible to do a job and study side by side .
This is the first time I have tried this method and I neglected to leave the students extra time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
So I began to pray in earnest .
For our programme planning , we propose the following instruments or techniques :
Inna
Everyone uses public transport every day .
Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
Public transport will have a future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we do n't have the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns in Italy .
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the environment of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
This will be a great achievement !
All these things could be very bad for their health in the future .
My hygiene is running , or the more familiar word is jogging .
Jacob asked Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family . She was not happy about it , but she said yes .
And it will be good preparation for your studies at college .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
However , ask him a question about his real life and he will give you a one - word answer .
Although I go jogging , I also do another sport , swimming .
The " Times " newspaper publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are separated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting into the market .
Fatima
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become common .
On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subjects .
I do not travel so much with my friends .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
We went to Hyde Park and sat on a bench .
I also read books in English , so I think my English is certainly good enough for this job .
Moreover , schools can play an important role in kids ' fitness .
I could say that I am a funny person , but that would be a lie .
But first , he had to pass the exams .
In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport reduces the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
What are you doing here ? , "
There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive in a suitable place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they haven't been exposed to such a new environment before .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
My tasks included back office administration and serving in the hotel 's restaurant .
This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
He had to refuse all his dreams suddenly .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which follows a wonderful route .
The fact is , natural disasters have changed people 's and animals ' living environment , bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
In the spotlights , they all looked so beautiful !
My favourite sport is boxing , because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
Love ,
So what if he originated from the Arab peninsula ? That does not imply that he is a terrorist .
Danny .
I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydroger - based fuel - cell engines .
The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
Usually , I play football with my friends in a stadium .
But there is active construction of new roads , road junctions and improving of roads .
By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
Thank you very much .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon realised that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
Michael had exactly the same problem .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
The local transportation has become difficult and expensive ,
in an engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
However , you must go and discover these unforgettable places .
I always think this , because teenagers are the future of our planet .
The tourists returned to their country very scared .
From : Dimitris Barberis
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
First , to have a successful campaign , it is important to know the target market .
I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .
Some people do n't have any awareness of the need for a good environment .
The taxi is too .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport .
Private transport travel is totally on your own , so there remains no tension about reaching a certain stop at a specific time .
Bye Serena
Holden tells us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
In my opinion , we have to deal with a lot of other important points related to our culture .
There is a large number of African children who suffer because of the lack of food and clean water .
It hates water .
I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary school .
I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility for my own learning .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
Hello , my name is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen years old and I live in Egypt .
I have to earn money if I want to stay there for half a year !
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
However , the city centre also offers just as many opportunities for you to go shopping .
We had a number of problems . The first one concerns the number of beds . You offered space to sleep for six people , so we expected six beds , but we only had five .
The finals tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
I 'm very glad to hear from you again ,
I ca n't give you much advice , but one thing I know , team work is the most important thing in this game .
The streets look all new and improved .
Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances .
-drink water
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
Why do we make mistakes ?
Just in case , I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
According to the present situation , it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
How thoughtless is that ?
The pollution will harm the local people and the environment from the site of raw materials .
I think I would be suitable for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
When he was ready , he took his keys and everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his job .
This is a new age in which we live .
Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
Governments are responsible for solving these problems to achieve harmony between man , nature and animals .
If you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than other modes of transport .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the foundations of Parkour too .
I enjoy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship and bolster our love .
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I like a lot of food , but the most meat food is good and pizza .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Looking forward to your answer .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
I 'm a really sporty person . I love different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick boy " .
Beginning with one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice Age .
I 've been jogging for five years .
It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
There are all styles of clothes .
I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss things , just to have some love moments .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it too .
That , by chance , happened to be near my town .
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money on them is like wasting money .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
We will not have to worry about where to find a parking space for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
I sometimes played in school break in the morning .
To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
Aranzazu .
In the past , I did not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and loved to get anything new for my sweet home .
I ' m left with a lot to choose from , so I see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
Although it was not easy to get used to such a teaching style . It did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and , certainly , public transport will play an important role .
He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Jackson High school .
If they planned to travel by public transport , people would walk to the bus stop and get off the bus and walk for necessary thing .
On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television , which make them be more sedentary .
Second is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists .
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
Well , it 's time to go .
In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate affairs .
About pollution . It is a big issue in public transport . time if you try to fix the engines of public transport , that will be expensive , because with time the lifetime of this engine will come to an end .
She immediately picked up the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
Let me see your house .
Michael always thought that this little ritual gave him an extra piece of luck .
So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
Learning computer programming , guarantees a good living .
The weather is changing . In the morning there are high winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman . He even does a lot of hateful things for him , such as going to her home every night to be together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
I started walking towards my house when she yelled :
That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
An easy recipe is cookies .
Also , as I said before , we need more jobs .
fashionable enough .
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
My dissertation project , " Ferns and Leaves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authorial Space , " examines the rise and development of American female authors in the 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magazine publication .
That is why science is so important nowadays .
However , changes always have a negative side .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
The first day was very nice .
It is true that both have advantages and disadvantages .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
We are glad that our work has started to bear fruits in recent years .
In fact , it can help them to speak with their friends more easily .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along beside the center and in the evening we went to a restaurant .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
Secondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships over time entails strenuous effort .
It gives me great pleasure to help kids with their activities and teach them through play .
It is very good that , these days , schools offer you more languages to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
From David .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , so unless you enjoy people watching , early - bird shopping is highly recommended .
This house believes that everyone should be able to speak English .
Correspondingly , the space for each person is becoming more limited than before .
All these points support the importance of public means of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
In comparison with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
And of course , unknown actors call for some attention .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coastal town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
The answer is obvious , I think .
With no physical exercise & healthy food , people are damaging their health and family relations .
I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
Smiles and Sounds at Charity Fun Day
Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's surgery . Nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church , could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
Because of that , 5 new parks has been created recently .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
- feel drowning down when they are about to fall asleep ( so they know it will happen ) .
Nowadays , I am studying for a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
In conclusion , governments should work on that , because people need public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
Our Future Lives :
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
It was slow .
In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks to human genetic engineering .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work on internal and cross - border contracts .
The day before , he and his two best friends , Louis and Lucas , were playing football near the police station , when Louis and Lucas started arguing with eachoder .
Every day , I have got to deal with students wearing different faces of life 's resentment .
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge investment of money from the community , in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel !
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
3 . Farmer 's markets .
Studentnr : 012345
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will become better than before .
With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
It is often hard to get up in the morning . I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
All these points have led to me playing basketball for almost thirty years now and I 'm still hooked on it .
You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by tall trees of great age .
Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
They were simple yet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
On the one hand , public transport is slow and uncomfortable .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The best places for young people in Dublin
How are you ?
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
to my " carer horse " . It 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is on Saturdays .
The future that lies ahead for public transport seems to be a bleak one .
Firstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
Thanks to this new life style , our cities will be more liveable .
First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Benefits for the students
She started to walk to clear her mind .
Why these sports ?
He built a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in society .
- One for bio waste ; and ,
Purpose
The city looks beautiful in this season .
We should use another bucket for this task .
This job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your company .
As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
All in all , I think there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I will talk about passion in life .
Yeah , sure !
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scientists , as the problem is growing .
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
I would love to if I am free .
Unfortunately , the main method is to make private cars , if not a luxury , then to make their usage economically less efficient compared to public transportation .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
Thank you .
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
I 'm not going to spend a lot of money on a ticket , because I 'm studying so I just have a part - time job .
My boyfriend is the best in the entire round world .
We 'd had a lovely meal in one of the most charming restaurants in Rome .
When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to balance my weight using heavy two - wheel inline skates .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
He went into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
Yours faithfully
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental life skills on which their progeny count .
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
Everyone is equal , so everyone deserves the same .
Not only is Taiwan different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government efficiency .
Nor should sexuality , skin color , and other identity markers - whether visible or invisible .
Facial expression is said to be more important for film actors , whereas body language and voice intonation are paid more attention to in stage acting .
In my opinion they wo n't .
I 'm not sure which is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourists normally go there .
And not only for boys but for girls too .
In skysurfing , you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
I never minded what kind of film I could see .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
In the water she feels at home .
How will people 's lives change in the future ?
María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
Ordinary friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
You should definitely visit Rome and Florence !
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then building large constructions to extract them .
The parking should be free of charge , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
It was the first day of spring and everything was coming to life .
It is art .
It has to be that way !
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
I want to ask some questions about the course .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
I am writing this letter because I would really appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
Our tools will be transitivity analysis and language .
Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall from the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
A neverending argument took place and thus we reached Dhaka .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for public transport . You can save time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Those are the main reasons that could make public transport disappear .
It has led me to believe that masculinity should not be an indicator of individual worth .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
Jon did n't usually go to the countryside , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
Or will they be made from iron and have a strong door and barred windows ?
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
Take a look at the highways near the big cities .
ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
You will find all different types of shops .
I 'm looking for a well - paid job , because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
Garlic is a plant , a member of the lily family , with a characteristic odor and taste .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
Finally , I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in the U.S.A. , so ,
Minimal investment with huge benefits
This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you , my teacher .
If we focus on the teaching of English as a foreign language , we could possibly see this more clearly .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
In my opinion they are also people like we are . They have their own life ,
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on the sudden introduction of new requirements regarding the expiration of foreign passports .
However , it made the situation worse .
Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
Introduction
We will not only witness all of the greatest moments in time but also correct the mistakes we make .
Michael came back from school after a tedious day .
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Science replaces human labor with tools , but what about happiness ?
Therefore , he decided that he was going to meet new people to begin a new life .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is below zero .
The public pool is near my house .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
This is my favourite sport .
We 've had , for example , Hugh Williams and George King .
When I am there I can relax and I try to not think about my problems and my work .
However , it has also created some alarming problems , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
I have a certificate for high achievement in the areas of painting and designing things in clay .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracy .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
They could get into our computers and steal our information .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also , for their parents , it is definitely more reliable .
To learn , to read , to be knowledgeable .
When can we start ?
Inside it , we can find the well known Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell you what it 's like , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't enter .
In these times , we can follow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebook fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
But does everyone think in that way ?
First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
With regard to the weather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Patricia
She could n't believe that he was capable of doing such a horrendous thing .
I like it very much . It is very useful for me .
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to prevent her from committing suicide .
It was awesome .
I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
How are you ? I hope you 're OK .
Once upon a time there was a little girl living in a small town .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go far because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
I 'm going to stay one week .
Before the death of his dearest Mona .
So when people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
Using your own car to go to the city centre could be a nightmare . It would be a stressful waste of time .
We had been looking at this problem from the wrong angle all the time .
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
The voices in his head kept repeating : " Michael , you should have kissed her .
So when university starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consequence , the marks will be lower .
First , I showed you what sexual harassment is .
There is n't a direct relationship between organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture and expected performances .
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
This means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we are .
In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too .
Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and their lifestyles are dissimilar .
If we think about them , we will realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoying them .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone drove a car , the pollution would be so great , that we could n't live here anymore .
Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health and eyesight .
I 'd been set up .
I learnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Hi Juliana ,
It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my country .
Public transport is not convenient for most the people because every person wants to arrive at his destination on time , but when using public transport it is very difficult to arrive on time .
Lautaro
He had not seen that coming and became white as a sheet , raised his eyebrows and just exploded .
It 's not smart to encourage people to do what exceeds their ability .
When he woke up from his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
Thanks again for all your help .
Of course it 's only my opinion .
Right ?
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
This can help heauthy the people and the city will be cleaner .
People look happier .
Or else there are some pubs we could visit . Most of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .
Since my graduation , I have acquired broad experience in translation .
That 's a joke . You must sleep .
All the photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
He seems different . She never imagined that Jason could be like that . She imagined someone brave and strong , and she never foresaw something like this . But she felt something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily . What can I say is you will regret it if you miss this film .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
That really gets on my nerves .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work which are related to English , so you can get a job easily .
Let us sleep .
Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
After all , it is the place we all live in .
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
I 'm from Italy . I live in Varese , a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
This is true in many respects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people through texting and social networks .
You can learn various interesting such as painting , photography , ceramics , from the lifework professionals .
St . Petersburg
Electronic was born .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared on the TV news and on all the radio channels .
For instance , imagine going to work and ordering the car to go to park at home after taking your children to school .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crashes .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 years ago .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Louis was really angry , so Lucas decided to go home .
Finally , sometimes people think they have completed their education , but when they get a full - time job , they realize that a diploma or degree can increase their chances of promotion .
first of all , you should eat healthy food to have a good physique , do more exercise and sleep less .
Thank you very much for your last letter .
' All that echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
As a result , I am also organised .
Of course the answer is no ! Everyone knows that " Earth is our home . " It is bigger than a house .
My grandmother used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
It was great to hear from you .
His body was cremated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
Well , I wish you all the best and that you find work .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very handy .
Living there will be harmful for everybody !
My favourite sport is walking . I really like this sport for several reasons :
He went in and found an old man standing there .
Earlier , there have been many accidents with food flying all over the place , because people tripped a lot .
Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking along those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
okay , let us get back to the decorating .
On arrival they see starvation and death .
She came down , but she did not scream .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
She did not want to remember anything further on that night .
They take part in a competition riding horses .
If we ca n't breathe , we will die , too !
Since I have a specific feeling now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I had a great time taking a stroll there while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
Arthur
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost every one of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
No change ; no nature .
Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
Do n't forget to ask for a litre of beer .
All this occurs during the first part of the film .
It could also be potentially your last chance to spend so much time with your high school friends .
Paxton goes to the house of Williams Agers and finds the crown in the hill .
Without transport , people can not go to work or do anything else .
My other big hobby is travelling .
There is a great future for public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Michael 's parents were absolutely poor , they hardly paid school fees for him , although they did their best to see him be educated .
They seem to have great chemistry between them .
Lucila Marcelo and I met at secondary school and we have been friends for seven years .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
When she got home , she packed some of her belongings and drove to her best friend 's house .
Kyle is a strong and charismatic individual and he values his privacy a lot .
Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon
It turns out now to be a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I greatly enjoy spending some time .
He could hear thunder shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
Disassembling games , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorite hobbies .
They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point to observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
He is doing a Master 's in Turkey at the moment .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
I hope it will never happen .
Actually , where I live , the public transport is highly used . It seems that in the near future it wo n't disappear .
We had to take a risk and went to the nearest market .
I 'm very pleased to accept your invite .
Ever since I started learning English , I have found watching TV series quite handy , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you could welcome guests at the reception .
For this reason , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
THE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
Hi Jo ,
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
Teachers at school may impose more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extreme way .
I also love doing sports , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
That night had changed their lives .
Yours sincerely .
If I have an opportunity to go back to teaching English , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
The concept of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to be pretty .
Can you imagine transportation which never appears ?
A tidal wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his lips along with Marianne 's .
I am sure I will meet your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets have to be inspected manually and carefully .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act .
In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone will have one . Thus , it will mean the end of public transport .
When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
But he could not travel very fast on a bus in order to reach his destination very quickly .
It is then their responsibility to communicate the message to all members of their community .
own car or van .
As for my dreams for the upcoming years , I think I have two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
Our national foods are really delicious .
In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
Lucila has proved herself to be an extremely sincere and reliable person since I met her .
Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
Good I am going to throw a hand .
Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I like almost all kinds of sports .
So what should we do with that problem ?
I 've been thinking about what you said to me last week .
Come here .
In approximately 1998 we can notice an equilibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 billion packs .
I would be happy to send you any additional materials such as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , and past and proposed course syllabi . I will be available to meet with you at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at your convenience .
-If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I had already booked online .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
I want to do this course every day if it 's possible also now .
Cyber - bullying ( using electronic means to harm others )
For example , I learned about organization , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I 'm writing to you with great news .
Both of them are skills which help with managing your life later on , finances in particular .
Most people in this world ca n't live without technology .
Write to me about what you were doing there .
Several student bands played and a variety of food was available !
However , as time went by , improvements were made to public transport .
In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I loved my job there and if I had an opportunity to do it again , I definitely would .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
There are lives in our hands .
When I agreed to go and help out at the concert , it was no mistake to do so .
As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft . In addition , globalization will destroy the cultural traditions of each country .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Anyway , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
Hello ,
One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was winking until it finally turned off with a dying flash .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks , like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
Just find a ball and a hoop and play it .
We each have a picture of who we are and what we will / won't do in our heads . Once formed , our brains garner the evidence that it is a true picture and ignore evidence that suggests that it is not true .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you are doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my country and I am also extremely flattered .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will work , eat , shower and even live without leaving their homes .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stay in that house , but they are not alone . They are with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
However , I just go to the restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
I love the show , because it is completely thrilling and scary .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid being cold because you are flying in the sky , above the clouds .
The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
Finally , the problems facing and business strategy will be introduced and explored .
That 's only happened to me once , and the film was Life is Beautiful .
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
Lorena
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
For beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
I want them to be happy .
I had to swim in the Parana river with all the swimmers and coaches .
Also , I would say you should wear soccer shoes and socks .
We have a very nice shopping centre .
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for fun .
-Who is he ?
Inês .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
She had just challenged him .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progress society does year by year , always offering new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , but in school they were enemies . They had amazing battles in the playground .
Anyway , just before the letter arrived , we were sitting in the living room .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I started to think that I was born for that sport .
Besides that , the lack of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough resources to treat the populations .
When she saw him , she smiled .
In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
In the public garden there are two ponds ( really nice place to sit and admire the landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimming pool .
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
Lian Glai Hu Patel
This advertisement sought a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
As he got closer , he saw a lot of people around the Kabaa .
Well , then you do n't have to worry about a parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
If you haven't been yet , you should definitely do it . I promise you will love it !
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
What happened ?
The female respondents are more fond of reading books than the male ones .
Young people are most interested in fashion and computer games .
I think I am the right person for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English .
As you can imagine , there is some advice that you should follow if you want to take it up .
To be honest , I do n't believe in UFOs .
Journalists follow you and they do n't allow you to live like normal people .
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
I do not have a quick answer , but I can offer some ideas .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration for his experiment .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
Write back soon and let me know how it goes .
Key discoveries have changed the course of history .
For example , they promoted their search engine through a television commercial and a Youtube advertisement .
In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
Dear Barbara ,
Looking forward to hearing from you .
He was so excited about that trip .
The only preponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing work and special effects .
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
The walls are green and blue . On the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos belonging to my brother .
Last summer I went on holiday to Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and I went back home .
One way is to put advertising on the internet and use social networks .
The internal aspects are : design of organization , communication , HRM - orientation and leadership .
You can understand the guide , the signs ...
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
There is no future for public transport . That is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
Computers have had a most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
He was admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
Third , all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
How come he 'd done that to me !
First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do would be a nice idea .
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day reading books and learning about different things because in these places there are many ancient books .
I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
Sometimes the reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
I have fond memories of that Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
I look forward to hearing your news soon .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' net using only your foot .
From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationship skills .
The statement is rather too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too far .
If you offer me the chance to join your team , you will not be disappointed .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like things which they have to do .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Do you fancy coming ?
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
3 . I wrote the quantity of words required .
Choosing a favorite season would be difficult because they are all special to me .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
I visited many interesting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
When you use a technique or defend against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time .
Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
This time I felt like a Champion . It was a really special feeling .
At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
As evidenced by the school visit guided by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we think your school vision has been successful to a large extent .
Vivien Alberta
The train finally stopped .
Back home , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter , it is also something you need to do as a habit .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which explain why agricultural lands become less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known in the history of the band .
At any time of day or night , we can see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
It is cheap and eloquence .
How have you been ? I 'm writing you this letter because I think I found the perfect flat for you .
This makes the
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and food or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
It is a girl called Jasmine Thompson and she sings cover songs and I think she is a really good singer .
And truly , who cares ?
Frankly , it seems that the town that I have been living in has not taken care of the environment .
Fire ants threaten more than human health .
Best regards
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You could be a good cricketer .
After eight o'clock , a professional band of musicians start playing traditional Japanese music and it can be a bit loud .
Lastly , I am going to explain how our village is kept attractive .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he refused .
Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opt for seducing them .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
Nowadays , artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
They all grew up together and have been friends since their childhood .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health ; better than medicine .
In a flash , I rolled down a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
Just a few years ago , we started to use a special road line .
The material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
So , there will be problems because of these habits .
These tickets allow you to get into the VIP zone .
I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
People depend on water for cooking , drinking , and other domestic purposes .
It 'll be the second time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't want to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Flying to different continents is easy nowadays but still expensive .
It may be explained by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
Here are some facts to support my view .
Since your dad has a recycling factory , I thought that he would be pleased to get the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I think that there is another problem in the world that society should focus on .
I went to an awesome concert of points of view and I look forward to telling you how it was .
Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless of his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
Since that time , we have been very close until now .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
It seems to me that , for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
From : Elena
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
This movie is based on racial humor .
It was a real satisfaction and I was happy .
Hi ,
But , let 's face it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
I am writing this letter regarding the advertisement about the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
Yet , for me , public transport is my
Firstly , my main goal is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
My bedroom is quite big .
I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree in European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spend too much if you do n't need to .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
Fortunately , the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
If the place where you live is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
We need to let them get information .
This is so difficult due to the fact that they usually feel stupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
While on holidays from university ,
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
This makes the cities crowded .
From the outside to her inner qualities .
The fish were going to the beach where the people fished .
When we ask ourselves how we can take care of the environment ,
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
Think of celebrities , for example .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So , including experience in the CV , seems to me , a step further in the student ' s career .
It was a man in his late thirties , very thin and with light grey eyes .
My favorite sport is basketball .
In particular , in urban areas , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
One of the best places I have ever visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
I think it is not a good engineer who only has skills in engineering .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
It is proven that being part of a project always makes people feel useful .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
I want to give advice to people who love this type of sport : please do not give it up , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a beneficial sport .
As like this in all my heart .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed at short distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
What We Envision
My degree took up all my free time this year . However , I tried to go on doing sport , especially running and playing football . I also try to keep up with the latest trends in sports events .
To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects .
Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
All the best ,
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
I checked the equipment : I had a computer and projector , both in good working order , a fast internet connection and a full class .
Dance is a passion , a way of life .
Rosa .
I always want to read this type of book .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odeon and a park and other beautiful places .
To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
But they were in love and they decided that they would get married in 2010 .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island belonging to the cruise . We went to the beach and played so many games .
We also believe the college benefits from our club .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
Where should we meet ?
He usually avoids me in this kind of situation .
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
The only thing I knew was the date of the exams was becoming more threatening as time went by .
Friends , colleagues , family all those people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day .
Another problem is genetically modified food products .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
That is why music is a very important thing about this festival .
I liked this film because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
After I finished I went home , because I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work , all of that could be spent in vain .
What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautiful .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
My house was number two temporarily .
First of all , we should think of a design and decide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
If you want to try it , you should find a club near you .
Firstly , I asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourite styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
Secondly , I think that the members of the team give you support , love and companionship .
Sincerely , Tania Amado .
Off the top of his head , he asked his nephew to go fishing with him .
it was 4 am and she had no answer .
Subject : End - of - year party
Dear Mark ,
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Three words that I can describe myself with are :
Through the practice of Karate , I really understand myself .
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
Conclusion
Yellow is the female principle , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
Do you have any different eating customs ?
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
You can drive wherever and whenever you want .
I am Xyz . I am 18 years old and I am a student .
I said that I would accompany her .
I find myself not in agreement with such an idea .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have arisen . Natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
My favourite football club is Napoli . It is the heart club . For this team , I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
The director was waiting for her .
XYZ
I prefer to travel by car for these reasons :
I was studying a lot and now I 've got some days to rest .
Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
As they say in the English proverb " travel broadens the mind " . In summer you can switch off from your daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
Owing to the increase in the population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest areas .
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the upper and lower levels of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn at their own pace of learning .
Nobody will regret it .
She looked around , making faces at everyone around her .
There was a boat by the shore and as soon as I went on board it started to move .
Also , there are different formats to read . I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
After a day of shopping , you can go to one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
However , Vianne must learn to solve her own problems and change the course of her own life .
That 's why I love learning foreign languages .
Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
After the show , I had the chance to meet the band members .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
I was asked to take care of the VIP room .
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English . The third bird will be my hatred of writing .
I think it is a good place for other activities .
Hi Jane ,
For instance , San Francisco is a great example of an incredible city . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today was her birthday .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
" , then I found everyone staring at me .
So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
Through this time , I learnt that winning and losing are not the most significant thing .
I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
That is the reason why I have been thinking for a long time about a new device to eradicate starvation .
XYZ
It will also mean not having access to the Internet for a month !
My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out of his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
Best wishes
Dear Sir / Madam
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
We do n't have to book tickets for private transport .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
The smell of the lavender was wondrous , while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
I 'm not a great fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts and events .
After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the strength to do anything else .
Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of the seas and rivers .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research project applying economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
If you travel with other people it is as expensive as public transport .
Your friend Amy
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to the weight - loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
The house is already equipped with everything you might need and furniture so all you need to do is pack up your things and move !
Thank you for showing interest in my village 's concern about the environment .
He held his breath for a second , pursed his lips
The Active Leisure Club
We 'll have the possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
However , even with these arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of public funds because it covers the part about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as well .
My brother lives in Barcelona with his girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
Kisses
My first match was when I was in school .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
Now , let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
The series had a great appeal in many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
Transport vehicles must be well maintained , subway and bus drivers should be customer - oriented and service must be punctual and efficient .
On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives for the nationwide educational institutions .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities until after one event .
Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
I will never forget this particular day .
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
I had to take care of other volunteers .
suddenly , a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
Their needs speak beyond intellectual hunger .
The school governors should offer more extra - curricular activities , including organising excursions in the local area and giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeals to them the most .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy the city .
When I listened to this CD for the first time , I could sense how the singer breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of her life taught her to grow up a little bit more each day .
To sum up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my main aims .
Firstly , I must inform you that I was dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to place my wake - up call and , as a result , I overslept and I missed my flight .
We all walk down the same path because this is how it is meant to be .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
" Have you got a mistress?",she asked one morning when they were having breakfast .
They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbacks .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
I must be prepared to abase myself in front of the whole world from now !
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and a dark ominous atmosphere .
Besides , it will always be useful for people who ca n't drive .
For me , it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
The pizza has a really soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .
It is an adaptation from the original book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hugo .
On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
More things that could be done
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking for large numbers of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
Despite having timing issues , I feel that , thus far , this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
I hope that you will try it someday and realize it is true .
Hi !
As the picture shows , there are six steps to producing bank notes .
Nowadays , we live in a society that is totally dependent on transport .
When the break was over , we went hand in hand to our classroom .
I will commit myself to doing my best to make your summer camp one of the best .
Firstly , no one likes to be sad .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
I would really like to participate as a co - worker in this summer camp .
Write soon
As the secretary of the English Language Club , I am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
Also , we think that these songs can represent different kinds of processes and language we have seen in class .
The result depends on : confidence , volume of the voice , body posture and audience .
I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised .
I hope you are going to spend a lot of time now with me . " "
I kept trying to find out more about skating .
This also allows for more creative options .
Radio keeps people informed .
And what about your breakfast ?
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
She always planned her steps carefully .
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish . The quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
They asked him about this project and what his idea was .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
Some kinds of animals will move to the urban areas , steal food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
This first success as a researcher contributed to my interest in global regulation of trade , that conduces me to this LLM and the international business transactions domain .
After carefully considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
Dear visitors ,
So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
It involves many moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activities for teenagers .
They were talking about the problems with the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
After a live show , he made a little girl cry by shouting at her and then kicked her in the back .
It 's something that is part of our growth to adulthood .
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I await your response with excitement .
I'm very excited because you are here .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decisions must be taken by their children .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
People of all classes can use these .
As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I had to decide which of those activities is more important , then I would choose sport .
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
It is said that you are that you wear , but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
They want to be rich and famous and they know that journalist will follow them .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The only observation which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
These cars will use alternative energy , for example energy from the Sun .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who ca n't accomplish their dream and have to go back to their home . I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
In other words , money will have more value .
It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .
Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to help pass this exam .
First , it is more convenient .
You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
To finish , I can conclude that this English course has been very useful to me , because it has improved my English a lot
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like that .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
Once , on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
Well , it depends !
I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
I profoundly grasp the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
Right at the moment of entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
In addition , yellow plastic bags are provided for free to separate the plastic , cans and bricks .
Then there it was again , the sound .
However , there are also some drawbacks it brings about .
With an intense passion for fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and set up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
For those people , there is always another option - public transport .
Everyone should think not just about his own benefit , but about others .
You have money but you do not feel safe . You have friends but you can never be sure if they like you or your money .
This will give you an advantage in your future career .
My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
Another useless thing is gossip .
Claudia
I found that they challenged each other more than they ever do me .
Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
My subject will be my autumn holidays .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you , so give up it for a season .
Many people think running is a waste of time or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
We are going to see an action movie .
A good user experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
It was pretty warm .
Well , the person that I most admire in today 's world is my mother .
- Nelson Mandela . I believe that education is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an individual .
Young people do not drink coffee : they prefer to drink Coke while eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Sebastián Hernández
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week at my house .
Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a part of a students ' exchange programme .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and , anyway , I always had a poor mark .
It is situated inland .
I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
I have extensive experience of working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
This way of thinking , he also shows during game time .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
I have very good friends thanks to the Internet .
There are good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
Love lasts two and a half a years , he kept reminding himself .
Cons
Firstly , most teenagers who are against this idea are convinced that the university course they have chosen will be the future career in their lives .
After what I have told you about my country , I hope you like it .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
And yet , we 've come this far .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
For this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to be behind others . Therefore , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
They explained all the procedures .
Second , I told you what you can do to deal with it .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
However , there 's hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterize Spanish tourism research epistemologically through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
There is also a building which can be considered an interactive museum .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Dear Sir or Madam
We took some photos and got autographs .
It is thought that you should change the type of food regularly .
- Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
I recommend the Hungarian National Museum .
It is clear that everyone is prone to making a mistake without even noticing .
Regards ,
The best season to enjoy this place is certainly the spring , when the weather is not too hot and there are not so many people who picnic under the trees and disturb you while you 're trying to relax !
Design is the first stage , which includes three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
Everyone will live in despair , but be unable to find the entrance to brightness .
I have no problems with reading , speaking or listening .
However , I 'm interested in & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
-Why are we here ? - Margarita asks .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
In your letter you asked me for advice .
Vera Borbála Solt
My surname is Baek .
By the way , I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and will come punctually every time .
Rafting lets you burn all your adrenaline while you try to get down a river in a mini - boat .
Public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
This was a chocolate themed dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sorbet .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers questions .
When we got into the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
We would buy next , impractical high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe .
At that moment , he was pretty sure what to do now .
If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialised in that .
Quique
Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contact with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
There are many historical places in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , churches and palaces .
Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
It 's very large and has special lights in the Greek performers ' room mainly .
To begin with , the main change will be the use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuels .
Lanjarón is one of the most touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important for both the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is raised gently by a special type of ink .
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think that would be the best advice .
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruiser .
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
You begin with a
There 'd be no humour to make it interesting .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
It could seem to point towards public transport , nevertheless it will push car travel even further .
I 'm very pleased to inform you that I will be your college for the next six months .
In small towns and villages it is easiest to travel by car .
My favourite sport is soccer .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
Thank you .
Playing varsity football has taught me so much more than just what my assignments are on a particular game or how to block . I have learned to think about others first , and realized how important working hard is .
However , the method has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong understanding .
Generally speaking , there are two basic employee motivation methods : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
His name is Jose and I love him with all my heart .
Lucila is the eldest of six siblings , so she is used to babysitting children .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
How was the trip ?
I look forward to hearing from you .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she breaks off her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to the fashion world after a few years ) .
To conclude , I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
These problems are topical in our city , Kyiv , too .
Being always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I simply can not imagine anything more relaxing and enjoyable than spending my hard - earned money .
I also appreciate that it is located near to the housing estate .
Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that a disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
Fossil fuel is running out .
There were people from Russia , Germany , Brazil .
Imagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive the same model of food processor as I bought .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I like Doctor Who because time travel has always caught my attention . Also , I like it because the plot is incredible . Something that happened in season one can be connected with some of the later episodes .
Another reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cities , you ca n't use your car on specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
In my opinion , all of us should be careful with all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
Her words of wisdom left Peter stunned .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
These days , computers are multifunctional .
Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
The need for exporting and importing items has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the life of the people has been raised in rapid response .
She was n't even given a small role in the play .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this position .
But we live in the present ; we live in the moment and benefit from it to the maximum .
Children under a certain age are not permitted to drive .
Suddenly , he heard something . Was it an animal ? , he thought .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in mind that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will keep the world on our hands .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially crowded places .
The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside , but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
According to the enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words , and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
My town has got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are long distances between the different places , and there are not enough people to make it profitable .
F.
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
So , why ca n't television educate us ?
Therefore , the traffic will be better .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what should I do ?
We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we could go see the concert .
Conclusions .
What 's more , extreme weather occurs with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
I have only traveled two times .
Dear Sir / Madam
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which involve private cars .
She graduated from high - school at the age of 15 .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , meet new people and learn all about our
to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in international internships , expe ...
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
Cycle one or twice a week .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mixed response .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
Hello ! ! How are you ! ?
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy , which is a crucial skill for being a leader .
Someone designed all the things around us : a chair , shoes , clothes .
Hong Kongers , being Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
We searched for and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in the Red Sea not on Zafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
It can be clearly seen that during holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only . This word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us , it is more comfortable to travel in our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
I expect a quick response from you .
We hope to see you soon !
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
In 2014 , I completed the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offered by The Standard and wrote a total of 4 articles for the ' Let 's Debate ' column of The Standard Student and Junior Standard .
Recently , I saw an advertisement for a job .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
Max was so anxious to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
It was the end of a hard day 's work , so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
- " What is your problem ?
I really love taking care of myself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every day in the evening .
Dear Kennedy
But when the dinner started , there was nothing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
All night , the body had lain like this on the floor .
In the early 1980s , activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
The 6 months I spent there were the best of my life . I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
I really appreciate your encouraging us every time in class .
When she said good - bye , he just nodded .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimal areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
- Just follow the daily regimen .
You stand in a queue to buy a ticket .
I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
No doubt people need to move from one place to another .
The atmosphere was really nice ; the people were so light - hearted and I just felt like I could be friends with anyone immediately .
We do n't separate our rubbish .
I have learned a lot of things from it .
The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
It has been a great success and is one of the best games in the world .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
At first , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle students in the mountains .
I 've never understood why most people see a closed set of charitable organizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
Also , our monthly speakers are excellent . For example , last year we invited a well - known actress , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
Then , there was a slight increase to about 95 times per year in 1985 .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen , but on a minor scale .
My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
It 's economically and practically more expensive .
Nikita has superior communication skills , a positive mindset , and is highly approachable .
Ready to work .
Could we ever think of such a dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Public transport helps us in many different ways .
We ran to the police station in the airport to apply for an emergency passport .
My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw , after countless hours of crawling .
In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to say the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
My name is Lucia Pérez .
Julianete
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
This process involves five main stages .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
A small cinema , a library , games rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
Bekir Günay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , spoke about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
And there is a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
On the one hand , it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
The teacher uses lesson time effectively .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
I woke up very early .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
So , we have actually done 8 projects since I joined and I had a good feeling through helping other people .
Secondly , public transport proves itself to be more functional and helps support people .
In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .
I am waiting for your answer .
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs , which are endangered .
Highly recommended !
I was really excited about it .
Paparazzi and journalists are following them everywhere they go .
Every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak in the third season , then they gradually slid back to the year 's bottom .
Some only stared , some screamed , and the others laughed at me , the people who were screaming , and who were staring .
In fact , I had to be everywhere with the guy , just hanging and helping him not to get lost in the city .
But it was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because at Friends Arena the roof was open .
Yours Faithfully .
So in conclusion I would like to say : the future is unknown .
It was such a great experience for me .
Where we were able to visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
You can get stuck in a traffic jam for hours ! " .
For example , when people learn a new word or a formula , they need to think about how to use it in real sentences or exercises .
However , everything starts at the level of the education that every human being receives .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
Here is the recipe : First , get some equipment , like a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , of course , a stove .
It was just a miracle - it had turned out that the band 's manager was my good old friend , Daniel , and he asked me for help when he found out I was a big fan of the group .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
This clearly shows that TV is teaching .
For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
Later , people were educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclable and organic waste and were also informed that the rubbish was to be disposed of in different bins .
Another problem might be the timetable .
First , it costs a lot .
Only the results will be recognized at the end .
Sport is really important .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Café " .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
The side effect of depending only on cars as our main means of transportation are remarkable .
Your new house near the beach is very nice .
I like a lot of activities , such as travelling , reading , playing soccer and watching movies .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
Michael tried to think wisely again .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months , so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
Finally , governments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions .
Afterward , we went to study at different schools , so , we were separated for ten years .
Although they produce high quality products , they receive little money and do high - pressure work .
Before I moved to Canada ,
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Organising clubs and courses such as the ones mentioned above would ensure the improvement of the situation .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values that I believe are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as having well developed communication skills etc .
In Madrid there are some jobs , too , and you will be near me .
Why rather negative ?
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
It is really great .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
After winning another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
As he did when she was hurt .
My advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone get in a pool !
She was really proud of him .
Our priority is good preparation for the secondary school certificate .
Because of these varieties of values and rules , usually there are some misunderstandings between people of different nations .
Come and join us !
We are damaging our planet .
On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga , especially in Sindh province , has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories in your body .
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every second of every minute there .
Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
The weather was horrible .
Mirtha
My favorite sport is swimming .
I feel better when I travel by land because I have a fear of heights .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolition of slavery .
I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website will improve significantly .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
There is a stereo system on the bench and arranged around the room there are a lot of puppets .
I love her look .
But a person 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
I feel about my family in a different way from my friends .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transport that invades cities worldwide .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Dear Mr Sotelo ,
As a result , we all know what needs to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to reduce the cost of treatment .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
A dare to prove .
Most of the year I live in Poznań because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
The main reason why I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
The first day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
He is the most important person in my life .
Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathe , because this is always a good plan .
I like watching movies a lot .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often at a better price .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
They are also the reason for many problems which arise in the private lives of some celebrities .
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
I am definitely going to play the piano for a long time .
Last winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
We have to help them , to show and explain .
This suggestion is controversial .
Because I like boxing .
It was an unforgettable moment . I was looking at her , slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is , unusual coming from her .
Background Music
And you ?
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
The ball is usually hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
I could come to Madrid .
Everyone can find their own styles , so I recommend it .
When referring to cars , we can considerably reduce the number of vehicles on the streets if we use public transport .
Being always on the bed or on the sofa is not recommended , whereas going outside and running or riding a bicycle would be a better option .
It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , original .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
My duties included checking guests in and out , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging money , checking guest folios and giving commercial information to customers .
I think learning another language never has drawbacks , because all you learn is good for you and your brain . You never stop learning new things .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significant symbol of the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problems .
I have practised swimming for 3 years . I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments .
Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
P.S. I have attached my CV
Our species has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to solve , a problem that has been haunting us since time immemorial : racism .
While conducting a needs analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation for learning English .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
On the other hand , it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and television .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their country . But the Polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
I thought I should n't go because those benches were disgraceful for me .
However , on Saturday I went to English class in the evening .
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
On the other hand , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
First , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
Thank you !
Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
And one day , you 'll find the true love that you 'll trust , the one that 'll catch you when you fall , console you when you cry .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise some strategies to attract them .
Dear diary
Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
For example , when you go by car you can go with other people , so you pay less money for petrol .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life ?
However , the popular perception of them has .
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
Jack was arguing with an officer about the Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and at that moment … Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
She wanted to stop him .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
He says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
Sarah and Stephan are friends at the same school and also neighbors .
I have been a member of a basketball team since the age of 5 and I have recently become a young ladies ' group 's coach .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
Do you want to go out ?
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by science .
It 's time to bring out the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
" I do n't know " , he answered , confused .
Public transport has plenty of advantages .
Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
He was making preparations to make a huge deal with the other person .
We did n't understand a thing because the car keys were just in front of us .
Everything that goes on in a famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
Certainly , cities will be crowded in the future because the population is always increasing .
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done some research to find the best savings account for you .
She is a doctor . She told me that swimming would let my body more better .
I am not saying we should travel back in time .
In the evening we had dinner in a particular restaurant and my friends and I took many photos of a famous sight .
Nowadays students need to learn both language and mathematics until they go to university , even some of them still need to study them at university .
Syria has a lot of good restaurants .
It is easier to find a job at the beach than to find one in the centre of Spain .
Film stars have very duties , for example , going to the parties organized by other people from show business .
The waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who worked abroad during the summer .
In addition , I have undertaken an internship at HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
A couple of years ago , I could hardly see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
I 'm writing to you because I 'm interested in applying for the job in summer camps .
Then , it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
For all the reasons that I have given you , I am sure that this summer would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
He waited for what seemed like an eternity until he saw her leaving the kitchen with Michael 's father 's breakfast .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
Probably , houses will be smaller or bigger .
I am good at dealing with people .
This report is an introductory document meant for students interested in the field of water treatment .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in the United States .
subject : the transport in my local area
On one hand , parents should take responsibility for their children 's education as they are a child 's first contact .
Second , running is simple .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First of all , we had the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
If you want to come here in the winter , you have to explore the South .
That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
There are six main characters : Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
Some people suggest that we should avoid treating them this way , while others maintain the opposite view .
So I practiced it day and night .
However , the test evaluated parents ' and friends ' opinions as important feedback and I do not agree that it is essential , unless they are specialists in that field .
Not to mention the participation in a pioneering study .
Location
There wo n't be a post office because we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs will be on the Internet .
Also , for our wire racks , plastic
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
A debate is combat .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
In Switzerland we have been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
You should shout it from the rooftops !
You think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Will transport be different in the future ?
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Thought , but most people will not be members of the team who are alive .
In everyday life , the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential .
They both smiled at each other , and Tom went over to her to say hello .
They were always so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to imagine that ending . But that was the sad reality .
From my point of view , older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
Other signs are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
During my career I have organized a lot of fascinating activities to keep my students enthusiastic about learning more .
If any tourist decides to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjoy riding a camel , horse or buggy .
Tris sighed .
In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
In both novels , the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
Even if we do n't , the stinging will cause a burning sensation , swelling and then a blister at the point of sting .
Amauri Tijerina Luna
It lets you know that summer is near and so is summer vacation .
You know how much I want to graduate in History .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
In fact , I fell in love with her at first sight .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd like to go with you .
The city of Old Thebes
To : International organisation
In my opinion , classes with discussion are better .
In spite of the risks , I recommend this sport to anyone who is in good physical condition .
The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
My favourite sport
Charles Dickens and the Brönte sisters were famous Victorian writers .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
Anyway , I must go now .
At the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups . There will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
It could be a good idea to find a larger venue .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca the next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
I did not know what was going on .
Best Regards ,
As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
In my opinion , the best way to learn a language really well is living in the same country where people speak it .
I ca n't wait for them to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
My name is Anton .
So , let me see .
Surprisingly , on the other hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
Children who have to work and can not go to school wo n't get a better life and their dreams will never come true .
For example , during my student days , I used to take buses to go to school every day and come back home .
The municipal board of Clayton does an excellent job of educating its people to keep the environment in a healthy state .
They had to sew my finger , but in the end , everything went fine .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even online .
When you are on holiday , try to make contact with other English speakers , and who knows ?
Once I got fit enough , I started enjoying the game , learning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and having fun at the same time .
Anna
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
However , the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
I was very interested in making my career through this , but due to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward this goal .
Then it all dawned on me .
Are you fine ?
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue in a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Charter and international law .
I hope to hear back from you ,
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
A group of teenagers , all males , have made a makeshift life for themselves there .
As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
It would be great if I could be selected for interview .
Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
This is happening now , and we are not even fully developed in technology .
During winter , Brussels can be quite cold .
I 'm talking about Gorgonzola cheese , which tastes really strong and is n't very nice because it has a blue mould inside .
You can imagine that it was amazing . Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
The film features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoying yourself .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
5 ) I look forward to meeting you .
The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
In conclusion , I hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
In my opinion , the purpose of education is to teach and guide students how to face problems and make their own decisions properly , not force them to accept what has already been arranged for them .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time the customers make the order .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
It could seem something very useful , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a head and a tail .
Anything in life can be misused .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
I hope that my report helped you and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
When I saw that message , I was excited about persuading my friends to enter this competition .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I choose the centre of the city .
I look forward to the result being released .
I guess because I 've been practicing for such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
How could I make this mistake ! !
And tell me more about that guy you met last month !
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
Myths and fables are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend to deeper matters .
I was so happy when I heard that they were coming to Katowice !
This Saturday , I started a new book by Francine River , the book is called The Warrior . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I find the book very good .
As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopeds or any other motor vehicles .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits of changing every decade .
This is not their fault , of course .
After a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
I do love the city , and I hope you also like it .
They do n't respect other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
As one of the members of the school community , you should n't miss the event , n't you ?
I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
The rest are artists or good workers .
You keep doing sport but at another time .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
Íñigo Ojeda .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage " .
How are you ?
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private lives .
6 ) How would you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
It has all kinds of food , even really fancy food .
When Peter heard that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
That is what everyone says when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Thus , I would argue that driving a car requires a lot of attention and understanding that careless behaviour on the road can do serious harm to other people .
The first movies were amazing ! !
Now he was famous and everyone respected him .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in schools we used books of paper and not tablets or iPads , and now technology is part of our lives .
People ca n't dispense with cars these days .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't have to join the real army .
Installations are usually placed in big spaces because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artist needs to communicate to the biggest number of people .
I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are not flying .
So she decides to take him to a child psychologist .
I hope you enjoy your trip and see you soon .
Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and department , but my research interests also fit perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
Then one of the band members and some early visitors came along and took me to the other side of the street into a pub .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
Famous people have also got needs .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
What an unforgettable day !
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
I have 9 sisters , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
However , others claim that it is vital for society and future generations .
I think that this is not a normal sport , but it has the same advantages : it burns calories , improves circulation , is good for the bones and muscles ... Therefore , it is a really beautiful way to exercise and helps you to improve flexibility .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
But , what about sharing a ride ?
No more alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and pleasant period of time .
We separate paper from glass and also plastic .
I like the children and working with them .
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
I did n't have free time .
Really , I tell you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
I enclose my CV , which gives full details about my experience , ability and skills .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey travelling across the Universe .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
Jake 's main challenge was to get around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work . You have to understand each other .
This kind of job is very useful if you want to improve your English skills .
It is difficult to go to an unknown place with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
Besides saving time , taking public transport can also help reduce the emission of greenhouse gases .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who are the life and soul of the party during their working hours .
I suggest to other people to first understand yourself , such as what you like , what is possible , and then practice after every success .
How to be good debaters .
Recently , I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
The next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
When he was younger , he worked for the government , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
Secondly , the student who has a good body shape can easily make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a good body shape .
You may even feel like giving up .
Problems with the current website
My hobbies are going out and travelling around the world .
Should boys and girls go to the same school ?
In the following section I will write about his sexuality and dealing with an argument .
This might suggest that being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on our emotions .
The LARGE NUMBER OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
But , with a heavy heart , I have to agree with this statement .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest accomplishes the task very well .
They took Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , many people will probably change their minds .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes is good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
Despite the fact that we 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
Environmental problems affect us all .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
I read about TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
This past few months have made my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idea of when is the right age to fall in love .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
Any Anyway , in some cases , a car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills relevant to working with children .
Nowadays , the healthy habits of young people are very different than in the nineties .
In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set up a match .
Recycling is another way to be ecological .
This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future .
I'm thinking about what kind of things were more dangerous for me . It was very dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot dead from behind at point blank .
They asked a lot of questions and I very funny for this .
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
The first time I rode on the horse , I was 14 , and since that time , I enjoy it very much .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
References are enclosed .
One more reason is that banks provide loans at a lower interest rate , which makes people buy one to improve their comfort level .
England does n't have anything . You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking piece of news .
Julio Camarillo
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
I am 25 years old and have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . It is different , at the same time , it is fantastic !
I have seen the advertisement for the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
Susanne White
Even if there are a lot of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
A significant part of the population in this town do not know the importance of practising sports and having a healthier life .
So what am I getting at ?
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
They have to use public transport .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of public transport .
Besides , I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and , right now , she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
are you busy now ?
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Its known as the gentleman 's game .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent educational materials for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
The script is pure gold .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Because of the quicker effects , they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer travelling by car rather than by bus or train .
In this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
Additionally , if you open a savings account with that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the lake .
In the end , I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I went back to the changing room .
We did not even know what to do with our garbage .
So , you can do both .
I went to middle school ; I met two friends who also loved to skate ; Mohammed and Khalid .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
Big broadcasting groups are used by all of them .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
They do n't want to accept these differences .
Moscow traffic is awful .
We were told this party would speak out against corruption , but now it is your own policy , and promises seem like they were a bad joke .
While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
My mom has a kindergarten and I love helping her out .
Hi my friend !
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern - day lives .
Often , I like to read biographies , history books and novels , and I really like Jane Austen 's books .
The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right next to the city hall .
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
Almost at the same time , they kissed .
So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand the cost of it .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost used it up .
The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying - studying by yourself .
But there is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anyone else .
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
Society is continually changing , ever since we created the first civilizations .
In brief , there will be serious consequences as a result of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
What is hope ?
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in one hand with his other purchases , which is not so easy .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths did it occur to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with the whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports on many of the websites .
Science will also change .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentinian flag on February 27 , 1812 .
So they often need the help of professionals .
Thus , this would help students know how the world has evolved and how it will be .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home for weeks or months if you can . This is called self - study .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and wetlands are replaced by tower blocks and transport networks .
I hope the road surface quality in Russia will improve year by year .
We are not alone . We live with people who are family for us .
Furthermore , they also like going abroad to visit important and famous cities around the world , like Paris , Madrid , New York .
Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
- " Shit ! "
Steve Ramsay works for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
But why ?
Dear Billal ,
I need the services for a year , so can you provide those services ?
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on Mars .
What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additionally , lies in various lifestyles .
Only then does it start to be great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
I wish good luck to all Formula 1 drivers !
Furthermore , Scout often reacts very impulsively , mostly at a young age .
There are some reasons for this situation .
I really recommend this movie , but if you plan to watch it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
Above all , I am interested in films .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
That is an experience you can not get by car .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
life is stages ; this stage of your life is timeless , no way out .
This could be the greatest experience of your life . Do n't miss it ! !
by the time I have studied for a degree in journalism .
They are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
As the saying goes , " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
My history of basketball was very short .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
He was refused food but he kept going with his strike .
These skates are light , smooth , and perfect for freestyle slalom skating .
There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
This is how I think life will be in the next 50 years .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
From my point of view , the main disadvantages of public transport , which make our lives uncomfortable , are time and place limitations , sharing the space with others , lack of free seats .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
However , the relation between the quality and the price of products is believed to be the most essential reason to visit Cáceres .
Since I was five , I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
I booked the ticket nearly a month before the event .
I believe such popularity is well deserved , as apart from its scenario , it was , on the whole , qualitative .
After studying our advertising options , it was found that two of them could be suitable for our purpose .
Secondly , if private transportation is increasing faster , traffic is also going to create a major problem , which causes global warming .
What I disagree with in this video is that he generalizes too much .
Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you keep your body and your mind active and healthy .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , the population will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
I think that someone who wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him for this reason .
This is the power of information technology .
I 'm very talented at working with people .
Others consider that military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
This is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do their work far faster than they could in the past .
Now I have more energy and better health to become happier .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
Trivago is trying to demonstrate that it is the most convenient hotel search engine on the market .
You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
How could he forget the time of his appointment ?
The last time he remembered he had never invited anyone .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of every society , because our children now will be the men or women of the future .
It was a calm evening .
I really work hard .
I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
I would appreciate the chance to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the position .
He said kindly,"I bought you a present . Open it , Tom " .
Yours sincerely ,
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress , go to the gym .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In the afternoon , I eat some cookies .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
Pradip Anand Khatri
She always told Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all afternoon for other subjects and free time is very scant .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Summer holiday
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
I decided to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
It would also be wise to fund schools that organise exchange programs for their students , so that more of them could afford it .
Contact me by email .
This holiday I am in Barcelona with my girlfriend .
We eat a light meal and fruit .
First of all , most of the people in Extremadura use a car for going to work , to university or school .
- Method : Data selection- The three songs we will be analyzing and the reasons why we 've chosen them
On the other hand , today we are forced to share transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to help students .
But people mostly do n't care about it .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
" Ring ! " The bell rang .
Our class has changed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming , and not least towards the new ones .
Despite that , there are more reasons to study abroad .
Bye for now .
Then you can focus on global warming .
He is proud ; it 's not a good way to be .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and vegetables , so I will eat more fruits and vegetables .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
So , by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
She might be crazy , but I love her .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
It 's basketball .
will be available again ?
Also , in Red Square one can see the Mausoleum , which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
The old man said , " You feel happy , do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
Technical support can be provided through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .
At the weekend , I like going for a walk and getting some fresh air with my friend .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .
I can not find the reason .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
Ragged and worn , it certainly had seen better days .
Thirdly , an from aesthetic point of view , it was called the beautiful game by Pele .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I actually had to stop the whole class and ask them to nominate one person to write for the whole group .
Jorge was a king who won an important battle against the Arabs .
That is something we have to work on .
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals which are from all over the world .
In this regard , they may take public transport instead of driving their own car even if they have one .
Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it comes to travelling by public transport .
It is well known that this kind of facility helps students make the most of their time while learning English .
You could then pay off your debts , get a new car , buy a new house , invest or retire , or do just about anything you would do if you currently had $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
At the same time , I was one of the leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching to public modes of transport .
At the end of the evening , I worked in the parking lot .
This is clearly illustrated by the growing number of recycling facilities the residents of our town have at their disposal .
They saw every register of the memories of people in that town .
I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill people because I want to .
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
What do you think about it ?
The finish line at the end of residency , waiting in line for a chance at the operating table , and then , there 's the most important line .
In March , we set forward our watches an hour .
Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me it is more than that .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occurs due to the media and poverty .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
I always went to school on foot .
Today , you need more than you needed yesterday .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
You need to play it in a team .
Families understand our minds so much . However , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Her parents and her sister are still looking for her .
In the end , the discovery of new things can never come to an end .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle one is around 76% .
Cognitive Strategy
The most stressful day of my life for sure .
It was a nice experience .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
But how to find love when you are invisible ?
There also a lot of plans for the future , to start using electric cars .
" Hello " I said , feeling like something was wrong , while the person on the other side kept talking .
He went with him to the hospital and in the end it was a success story .
They annoy me .
Marcuangolo fell in the street .
Some brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " whose author is Brazilian .
First , the teacher will train us in soccer techniques .
At the law office , I supervised the ISO 8003 procedures .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star 's , but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply for a visa for living in his country .
Even if you meet him for the first time , his smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may feel comfortable around him .
Maybe by doing this we will be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
Andreas Costa
It was an exciting day , all my friends , family … were with me .
As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
The movie was stoning . Some of the plots were rather shocking .
A man could have some problems with his health .
Furthermore , I have worked successfully for a year after my apprenticeship with different kinds of analytical methods and I was able to improve my knowledge in this area .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Then they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,
Only then can you really start to speak .
Not only in their individual roles , but also in the scenes they did together .
That made me get crazy and angry , so I knocked him down with only one punch .
And also , homemade food has a better quality than low - price restaurants .
Dear Mrs Gate
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with such a delicate topic as Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line between comedy and drama .
He attended my labs on the " structured programming " course during the first year .
We have a good relationship , she is my best friend .
I think that public transport is much better for the environment than private transport .
During that period , I shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
There wo n't be supermarkets .
The future is one of the biggest questions for us .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
Beneath the combustion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combustion of the pellet .
Usually I do this kind of sport with my sister .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Travelling by car is much more convenient .
Getting into your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and letting a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
I felt strong enough to move about , looking for my compass and map in the rucksack on my back .
If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's that there may not be any public transport in the future .
In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , the application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
I like to consider myself an energetic person .
Her name was Lora .
-Be careful .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way that you can study what you want .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to protect their relatives .
And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
In addition , we could play outdoor games and they could do landscape painting .
This transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
Ironically , the marginalization comes not only from society at large , but also from within the gay community .
There are lots of interesting sports , but there is normally one that you like the most .
I have an unusual car .
It is better to finish studying first , then go to work or have relaxation with travel .
Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email address .
With reference to your advertisement for the summer camp job in the current , I am writing to you to apply for it .
Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
We still have time .
At the end of the day , we decide to use our car , as , the way we live today , combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our best option .
But is it really so ?
I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
I have to be honest and recommend this magical place to all of you .
During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
I think learning is like a weapon for any individual and enables him to be like a champion .
Effective teachers have clear and consistent communication and management skills .
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
Maybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment for its citizens .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself from sitting all day .
In times of joy and sorrow .
From another perspective , sometimes , professional athletes are not good role models .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
I have worked in out - of - school activities before and in other summer camps in the south of America , too .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
His mother heard what had happened .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
They are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical postgraduates .
If I have free time , I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have a lot of fun , skating together .
It has been suggested that businesses offer " work experience programs " .
I have lived in stockholm and in two houses in Danderyd , but no other places .
This also meant I was allowed to go backstage and take care of the bands .
There is a hotly debated issue relating to whether students should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
I haven't seen you for almost two months but , as you know , in November I had a unique opportunity to help at a concert that took place on an airport runway and it was a simply amazing experience !
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go .
Learning in schools , however , provides a valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , paves the way for being independent in the future .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
A comparison between people who like to use public transport and private transport shows that the former can save money and time but they are also much more relaxed than people who use private transport .
The overall standard of this movie is really high and it is a movie to remember forever .
The hero finds all his friends are disappearing one by one .
My favorite sport is swimming .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
She refers to the moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
2 .
That is why I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to use your imagination in the same way as when you read the book .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
I think that you should start practicing this sport because it helps you physically and mentally and it is a good way to socialize .
Sooner or later we will have to face the music .
For this reason , many people now believe that there is no future for public transport .
On the other hand , I think serving within this area is the best opportunity for trying new abilities .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad show an improvement in just one or two months .
These phenomena cause serious damage to ecosystems and sea life .
But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it her whole life , and living with that was something she was not willing to do .
Something was wrong !
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
In addition , the old town is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , it being the university that make the biggest effort .
I have a great personality .
Introduction
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving ' charity ' .
Because of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
Accompanied by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents she has found .
In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different types of political leadership .
The job announcement on your webpage immediately grabbed my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements are just the skills that I can provide you with .
I would like to touch on some of them .
Yet , not many pay heed to the message .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of the existence of cars .
English - I find it great !
Being famous seems to be the best thing that can happen to us .
Many scientific studies have been undertaken to determine the exact nature of the smile and the real reason remains a mystery .
This is unfair , because they do not do any harm to the environment nor to society .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
In conclusion , the diagram gives the quite precise process of making bank notes .
The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
- Ok , see you later then .
to compete with public transportation .
The beach at night is a good place for happen with your family .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays , but a lot of people would be surprised to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family 's daily life .
Neither do they seem to take care of nature and everything around them .
Anyway , great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you are enjoying it quite a lot .
However , they have stopped us from doing many fun things as well . What are those things ? Do we really need computers ? Are they really helping us ?
In my opinion , public transport has been improved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lot of investment into it .
For example , if man had a broken leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Dear Sir or Madam
In addition , behind one ad there are a lot of things : one industry .
The Internet has many good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaper and faster way to communicate with other people .
Taking a break between leaving school and starting college seems unnecessary .
The winner 's reward was the ability to rule over Japan for a day .
Back to Brazil , during college I started researching and writing about economics .
Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from all over the world
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for health purposes .
When do you think that it is right to order people to work in the community to pay for their crimes ? "
Which is in sport management and I also have experience of kitchen work .
Summary
I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard - working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
The article was about the possibility to transfer money with mobile phones in developing countries .
A Real Vacation and A Dream Vacation
You asked me for advice and I think I can help you .
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
We learn about social values , world news etc .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
As soon as Anna and her friends went into the restaurant , everything started to go perfectly .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time , to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
I personally think , without magic , this book would not be as popular or engaging .
What are we going to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
The second advantage of doing martial arts is that you learn how to respect others .
It is up to you !
I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards her , but I do n't know how to say that .
Besides , they can drink a lot of different wines .
The obsession with knowing everything has led some of us to conduct dangerous experiments for which we pay with our lives .
In today 's world people use public transport for every kind of travel .
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places on Earth .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo , but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing an old one , travelling or moving to another city .
It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
And I like seeing what they look like .
Tom is studying in London .
He thought it would be good to be distracted for a while .
It is like that on all days , except Sunday .
Good luck for the future .
I can definitely affirm that he has excellent teaching skills .
This sentence shows a girl who thinks she is not really bad , though she knows she could have done things better .
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
Our life has been transformed into an easy life by technology .
To conclude , there are some important research principles .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I wish I could do it again .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by yourself during the week .
Hi , Jo .
How 's school going ?
Anna Olsen and family
The concert began at 20:00 and a lot of people came .
Also , there is no actor better for the role of agent than Mark Ruffalo .
So , little by little , and as the economic conditions of people improve , public transport will eventually disappear .
I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
Can use of your own car instead of public transport save you money , time and effort ?
The doorbell rang .
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
Thank you
Recently Google , a multi - million dollar company , which is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
I think transport nowadays is perfect .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .
Last time I played we won 14 to 5 .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China using some examples .
Everybody thinks that home is a refuge .
I 'm looking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
They can drive at any time , they can come and go at any time .
First , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
Nice then , would you mind going out with me on a date ? '
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
All the room was in order and the policeman explained to me that the man , who had been very old , had also been rich .
You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
One of these places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish district of Cracow .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
It can have an influence on their work .
If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
To be honest , in the questionnaire you sent , I could give a positive response to most of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
Valerie
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Although they are not human , they also have feelings .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
The most common reasons to study a language are work and travel .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My favourite trick is nutmeg .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
ACCOMMODATION
I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
I had the best friend when I was a student at high school .
Wrestling is done by two people while others wait for their turn .
I went swimming 4 hours a week and it was amazing , because I improved a lot and , right now , I 'm one of the best .
The trains and buses are crowded , and newer routes do not reflect the changing demand .
What if we used public transport to get to work ?
We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
Combating the destruction of the environment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't have a home and food and give it this love and affection .
My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
There are always differences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
I have got one sister named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to score a goal .
For example , commercials can be used to encourage youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
I am studying at the Czech Agriculture University in the final year .
I also like walking in public streets , gardens , clubs and on the shore . When I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on foot .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
Just before the beginning of the mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
Regards ,
Firstly , for people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
I propose having a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
Public transport helps people to get to work on time and helps to reduce pollution .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
Tom was so happy because he had finally won the prize .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the position advertised .
The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
With the advance of electronic products , information has become even easier to spread .
Sincerely
Customer satisfaction is much greater when the customer gets service which has value or quality much greater than expected .
Many people today have pets of all kinds .
On one day , we spoke about medical treatment costs in different countries and one of my friends , Wole , was from Nigeria .
During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
I believe my work experience can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
Please could you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
To achieve this , I recommend doing exercise three times a week and following a healthy diet .
And the flying saucers culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution .
The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
I am interested in working on your summer camp program .
I think that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
That 's for sure .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
According to the article " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , eye contact is important because " insufficient eye contact can create communication barriers " .
Therefore , the student joining a sports team can maintain a good body shape and it will let students more easily make new friends .
When we arrived in Barcelona , we went by taxi to the hotel which my brother had previously booked , and there we met with other relatives : my brother , his wife , my nephews and , of course , my niece ( the bride ) .
Although I have no qualifications , I love cooking .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban areas .
Dear penfriend ,
It all started when I applied to be a volunteer at this event .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
The best way to keep it is not to be a famous person .
This is an easy word to understand , but it hides more than the definition says .
If I have the opportunity to help you with your planning , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
" Are you two the people who will do their skill test ? "
Thank you , Kyle .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these goals .
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more train stations and more streets .
The most valuable thing is that there are so many supporters of different trends in all these areas .
Why do we need music ?
Too many vehicles in a crowded city will increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
skills in sports and also a fun - loving attitude towards organising activities .
This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame .
Your muscles become more efficient and toned and you get a lot of benefits for the body .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts in the army .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
Moreover , the goods are quite cheap .
Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
Soccer could be one of the boring sports to other people .
First I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old .
Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people whom they can trust .
Every morning I listen for the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness makes us look at the world around us through different eyes , and they also let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
It supposes that you can enjoy the show .
I 'm a greedy guts !
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
I am very happy because the time went very fast .
You should take into account that thirty drivers ( often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other people in the traffic .
Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
And what are the drawbacks ?
The streets were calm and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring sun cream with you .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play it .
I thought he might be Michael and I started to shout his name .
Using private vehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport .
87 , Southend Close
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
Dear Les ,
3 .
We can meet each other in the centre and then we can visit the city all together .
Nowadays , almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have used the Internet .
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situated by the sea .
The police went to school to talk with Lucas and try to find a fair punishment .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
Actually , I was asked to recommend only one place , but the Historical Peninsula is an area where those historical distincts got together .
Some Sometimes it may be very expensive due the fares .
One more interesting fact is that both the lovers in the play were Italians , but their playwright had never been to Italy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
On our earth , hundreds of millions of people live .
Filipa
He does not conceal anything from me , as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
You can never really say a thing is bad unless you have indulged yourself in it .
2 . kind
In fact , I have been helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 years .
I learnt team - building , discipline , as well as teamwork through playing football .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
I mean professional tennis .
Moreover , I love children . That is because I am a kind and friendly person .
I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
You also have common meats and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
San Sebastian is a town near the sea .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .
You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems for mankind and animals .
Diana
Jon
For these places , the best season is the summer .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in the right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
Get over it !
We were cleaning for over 8 hours !
I like living with my boyfriend .
Finally , for our cars to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
There is a grass surface , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
I look forward to hearing from you .
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
Let me explain it .
Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to show off .
So , that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation , but you are the one that has to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind was so strong ! I felt a little nervous though the scenery was amazing .
Moreover , some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
You 're fucked up all the time . "
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
A kiss .
I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my guest at home next month .
Governments build more roads and more families are able to afford cars .
He had to supervise his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
For that reason we 're going to put our names down at the gym and the swimming pool .
First you should visit sights like the churches and cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
What is it like to be famous ?
There are 7 billion people in the world , and the number is increasing rapidly .
It shows that this kind of thing can have a second life .
Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the film I can not help singing every song all the time .
We gather around the table on this day and wait for the spring in the last moments of the year .
People do n't want to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
I have got 1 brother , Petr .
That girl who had left him in time of need .
A wall of a tennis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a ball .
How did this happen ?
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
So I switched off the projector , took out my whiteboard pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted to traditional methods of teaching .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
Secondly , teachers can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
These are my answers to your questions .
No freckles as her skin is perfect at every inch .
I 'm the right person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Will it be Earth in general ?
As usual , he decided to sit at the bar and order some fish and chips .
The menu is very well constructed , and the food is based on local products .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
We do that for work or to finally have a rest .
Dear Summer Camp ,
For example , when letters have to be sent in English .
Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the past , leave their past behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
How have you been , my friend ?
His deep chuckles still gave her butterflies in her stomach .
I have some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to reduce the popularity of travelling by public transport .
Travelling by car may be more convenient on an individual basis but pollution is a danger we have to face .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and private transport , because they both have advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel to .
The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
The second do n't agree with them .
My name is Chew .
Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
It shows that ethnic minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian people without losing their cultural and traditional values .
It calms me down and freaks me out at the same time .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the current and future generations , there are common international ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
I hope you have a great day ,
He said to himself : What have I done ?
Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a lot of money and that could be a problem for some people .
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
I am writing to provide you with some background information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and résumé ) .
But public transport has a fixed schedule and on a busy day not many can really enjoy their journey .
I've been in the United States for two years .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
After the first week in France , we found that in Paris there were a lot of people .
I do n't have to be late because of the delays . I can do anything in my own car . I can put music on , I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
On the other hand , governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's level of service .
We are going on a vacation next week .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly has a negative effect on the city 's life .
She just felt it in her bones .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Our team trained twice a week for about two or three hours .
The band was playing , we were enjoying the music and it seemed that there would be no more complications .
It started when I woke up around seven o'clock and I was n't tired at all .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others is always an exciting part of social life .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards conducting medical experiments on animals .
I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
Recommendations
This should help us enjoy shopping .
I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
If you visit my country one day , I will certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
I was even better than the older children . Everyone told me to go to a team ,
As a matter of fact , you just have to eat a balanced diet and do sport twice or three times a week .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
Firstly , a positive approach .
My name is Susanne White and I would like to apply for the position as a camp assistant advertised in the Crash Magazine .
Nowadays people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
First of all , public transport probably meets the needs of people who hardly use or do n't use their cars to travel .
Suddenly , he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
The traffic can affect cars and buses to the same extent .
My favourite restaurant must have good meat and be really nice .
People can see a great Japanese view from there .
In recent years , the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
A few years afterwards , right when I started high school and hit my teenager years , I began eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends some days right after class and during the weekends .
I work at a gas station .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probability of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
It is very nice to hear from you .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal was free .
There are mainly 4 steps : design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
Finally , if the advertisements are still broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comes with them , valorizing and teaching kids about understanding their parents .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
And this depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
I would like to know what initial investment I have to calculate ?
The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
Dear Margaret ,
I also liked the plot built on the basis of a Japanese legend .
The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
Significant changes have to be made to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transport .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but it also strengthens relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
His sister is six years old .
She brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
I always considered football as art .
Nowadays , every one of us travels a lot .
I used to run summer camps and art workshops .
The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
Also , taking some pictures will be a great idea .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I was in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
Every week we watch a different type of film so that we can please every member and improve our cinematography knowledge .
For this reason , I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
On television we can see what people consume .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
There are no cars , no metro in Venice .
David is at a boarding school in Bern and will finish next summer .
To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
Good morning to one and all present here .
It was the most exciting and beautiful party I have ever been to .
I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children myself , and I always liked working with children .
First of all , let me introduce my town . I live in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical systems or buy organic products .
Learning has no end . We spend all of our lives learning from circumstances we face .
Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
Technology has changed us much faster and more dramatically than we used to think .
Michael Freeman
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the rest are batsmen and bowlers .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought of that option , left the interrogation room .
So money , today , is really important in our lives and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
and then words just slipped of his tongue .
This could be argued to be educational .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
They could use that information to get into our bank accounts and steal our money .
My father is another important person to me .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
Unfortunately , the process only works for twelve hours .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports for children during this summer .
An hour later , we went to the London Eye .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " , also known as Dracula 's castle .
Money : essential for youngsters ?
So , these are the advice I can give you . Hope that it will help you when you come to my country .
It is true though , that public transport would not be the general public 's first choice .
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
At home , I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
I have one big sister , Anisa . She is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia , 8 years old and Isabel , 4 years old .
He brought a letter for me .
Alison always thought : " If I had not told this story to my friends I would have spent all evening with Juan "
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
The scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . If you want to have a lip - smacking dessert , this is the ultimate place .
August , 23rd 2014
Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
This city does n't have a lot of citizens but it 's a tourist city .
As they talked they came to realize that they had been working in offices which were very near for almost a year .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way . We had not been paying attention to our path . The only thing we could do was to go back .
Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
House at the End of the Street
Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
Students who go to study in another country experience variety of life .
So , by having a family time while eating at home , you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
In particular , fake news spreads faster without much effort .
When I feel stressed out , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
She was just numb .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes comedy and pathos , while the Brontë sisters ' realism is full of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
Yours faithfully , Daniela
For that reason , I appreciate my pets as if they are my friends .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
Also , radio advertisements only contain verbal effects .
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
And what about interiors ?
There will be on other planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside enormous domes .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
Currently there are many means of transport , but if we talk about long distances , trains , planes and boats remain the most popular .
In addition , Dickens , as well as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , quite frequently uses first - person narration .
After taking the car out of the garage , he had to drive all the way to the airport and wait for Rob to arrive .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
At school I always play with friends and never play alone and my friends and I always win .
For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can park in the place where we want to go .
Only after all the work above is completed can the printing step be carried out .
My favorite book is " The Hunger Games " .
4 ) Think about your initial physical condition .
CO2 can destroy the ozone layer .
She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get agitated !
Actually , if that 's the case , the happiness will only be for a short time .
The truth is , that the ideal would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But that is almost impossible .
To sum up , I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
Those places will help them to take a close look at the roots of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , customs and tradition .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch this film .
Hence , this will help people to be in a good health .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me with .
In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
The breathing landscapes you can see from the museum are also a great advantage .
Some of these thoughts make us smile , some make us frown .
When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenada because my father worked there .
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommended shops that might appeal to tourists with different interests .
But she never stopped .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
And now , if one day I do n't have any practice , I feel bored .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really know .
Dear Mr Bond ,
For words , I think it 's perfect , but all the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
The characters were perfect because they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real accident .
Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( viruses included ) are on a hand rail waiting for a skin to rush in .
But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hellish existence .
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices , and most of them are not family people as yet .
I did n't know what was happening , and why they were acting like that .
Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I switched back to buses .
Some issues of regional cooperation between Russia and Turkey were discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historical Sciences and senior researcher of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
Also , I have visited the USA many times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
It is certainly a pleasure to write and also to read what I have written , after a long time .
Cars are more common on city roads .
A sedentary lifestyle and a poor diet lead , of course , to obesity .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
There is an obvious tendency towards a decline in active ways of spending free time .
Everything seemed so fine , and nothing was wrong , anyway .
She burst into tears , making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
. You can experience 19th century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional customs .
The study results showed that people who use transportation .
I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
First , television has many programs which can be used for education .
Yours faithfully .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was the drug dealer that produced the drug in the classes .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to dealing with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest way .
In the hearts of many Americans , the cold war finally ended this week " , the New York Times wrote .
You can , of course , see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
The idea of banning cars from the centre of all major cities has advantages and disadvantages .
On the day after , I went back home .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbade him meeting with friends .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking story I have seen in recent years .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
The problem for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
If you do so , you do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
I think the principal things in our talk are the internet , computers , technology and communications .
My favourite sport is tennis . Although it is not the only one I practise , it is the one I most like to play .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had better behaviour .
XYZ
From Monday to Friday I was in
In my opinion , my social interaction balances my life more than my working experience does .
He works in real state investment .
For example , while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , men just do not think about anything and can be like that for hours , just with a blank mind .
He closed his eyes .
My apologies for any frustration you may have .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glasses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
I hope to hear from you soon ,
When I was 15 years old , I started looking after our neighbour 's children , aged seven and nine .
But you can switch on some special morning TV shows .
And I am fond of a Russian team .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
I know how important keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
Omar .
The headline was : LOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
I am sure that there is a good future for it .
During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
Whenever I hear about famous actors or singers complaining about photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The discovery of electricity increased our productivity greatly .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
Subject : Local Environmental Protection
See you soon ,
Skating is a lifestyle .
And Cass , the girl I 'm in love with , slammed the door .
What happened to us ?
I definitely do n't recommend it .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
Her family and her homeland had disappeared .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
All in all , this is a gripping , moving , and entertaining film that will make you reflect on some social issues .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
Taichung has plenty of trees in the park .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than in the case discussed in the class .
" Do it yourself " classes improve practical skills .
I have been going swimming since 1998 , when I was ten years old .
If you find them , could you send them to my office by post ?
My favourite sport is swimming .
He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
Customer satisfaction brings me happiness .
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those unavoidable extra costs .
Many people think that you need a lot of money to be happy .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Volleyball , netball , Elle , table tennis , Karate , etc .
Only the fastest competitors were given the land .
The Vikings were like pirates that lived in the countries I 'm talking about one thousand years ago .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
Anyway , you know what ?
In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we most agree with and appreciate .
' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , so I did n't have to book a room at a hotel and spend too much money .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
Being a two team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
Sarah
The members of my family are nowhere near my best friends .
Sagrada Familia , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still under construction .
Activities around the city
Most railway lines are quite spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
We got on a train . The ceiling was comfortable but everyone was complaining about the two men .
Best wishes
New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .
I knew it was the beginning of a great friendship .
Dear Sir ,
Campo de Marte " is one of the few places in Lima where you can practise athletics professionally .
My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l can do everything that a doctor can .
From my experience , I feel that the food served in this restaurant is of fine quality , not to mention how delicious the food is .
I 'm certainly not the only one watching this amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera because it 's so much more than that .
Hope to see you soon .
The days are getting longer but nights are getting shorter and lighter .
You can get to know other countries and new individuals .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take the good old bus , just like 100 years ago .
Most people are frustrated or agitated because they have to use public transport .
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
That is the reason why our class attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
Hi !
Using this transport I will go to New Zealand then Australia and other countries .
Finally , the Norwegian police got the painting back thanks to a police investigation .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
Yours faithfully ,
But I had never before worked out by jogging .
There we can eat many types of dishes , but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
Keeping a Promise
Yoana .
She always believed in such premonitions .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
With Germany and Austria being our neighbours and thus business partners to many Czech companies , German is the second most popular foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian and Spanish .
There is probably an array of reasons to explain such a phenomenon , but for me , that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
Although it had been a tiring day , she was very proud of that little sheet of paper .
Technology is becoming more advanced .
I hope you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint you .
Moreover , they only need a small quantity of fuel to be produced .
Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Its own end ?
1- Facts and Findings .
On the one hand , many famous people like being discussed all over the world .
Baja California 's weather is not as cold as Chihuahua 's .
Her family was very proud of her .
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
It 's a beautiful place for all generations in nature and you can spend all day there .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
It is possible that robotics will be a normal part of individuals ' lives .
I arrived in New York four months ago .
As to other aspects of our website , it might be a good idea to enhance its performance by means of optimizing the code and removing advertisements ( which decrease the website 's value while bringing little profit ) .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women have died because of this .
I tried to justify my own horrible action .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
The building has two changing rooms , for men and women .
Take your time and make a plan .
I believe we can reduce the number of homeless people in Japan by providing them with information and skills .
People do not even care about safety parameters while driving on the roads .
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
We are living in different places now .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
Suddenly a plethora of concerns filled my head : what to do after school ?
RECOMMENDATONS
Increasingly , people prefer to use public transport rather than drive a car for these reasons .
Unbearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
As a typical Brazilian , I have a favorite soap opera . It is called Floribella .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit I can expect in the first year .
He does not need another one , but he likes the colour .
She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
And doing transactions by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
Public transportation is the most popular way of travelling to places .
Tom asked him the cost of the surgery .
We . We can learn how the different animals feed themselves .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
" I ask myself , wondering how I came up with some ideas and words that seem just so good and uncommon right now .
WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE !
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the ground and staggered through the doorway , in the direction of the living room .
In fact , there are always lots of people every day , so I recommend booking at least one week before going .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is : playing tennis .
These experiences were tremendously memorable for me and it was an honor to take part in these events .
She did not even want to talk to him after that situation happened .
Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers at one time at a low cost .
Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
Mr Keefe 's general condition has improved .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old , and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
Immediately , I opened the box and found a short letter , saying : " Dear Jane , here 's the inheritance from your grandmother : her glass tea service ... "
Nowadays , it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
It 's very common to hear people talking about friendship , but are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
However , my grammar is not that bad .
The name of the factory is Baťa .
Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they are busy .
The princess wakes up .
They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
The purpose of this report is to showcase the ways in which energy consumption is reduced , together with the saving of natural resources in my city .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Hello , I like people and children and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very cool .
We meet near a fast food restaurant and after that we decide where to go .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
It is important to note that the difficulty implementing the changes to the new teaching approach referred to above lies not with the students themselves but with the older generation of teachers , since they sometimes have trouble applying the new outlook on education methods .
This statement is based on the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain by reading books .
Public transport is cheap and friendly to the environment .
Currently , I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
My recommendations for beginners .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
The other actors are also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
If it was possible to go to Hogwarts I would do it .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Fer
She had an accident today , so I have to stay here to care for her .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love going to the gym , because there we meet new people , make friends and we can relax .
Or is it just near there ?
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get their driving licence . The more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on the road .
I wish to become a professional football player .
Also , aliens did not get me and practice surgery on me .
Thus , it fits perfectly for those people who have a bad relationship with their families .
We have the time now to do what is necessary .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for our future generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live a safe life without diseases and pollution .
They use these cars to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , at the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
Now , she is extremely angry because human beings did something to really hurt her .
They made a decision and one of the bosses was in front of them .
Of course , without the full support of my family , I could n't have done it .
So you know what is going on in the world .
For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school and provide them with what they want . Not to mention wedding party expenses .
There are also many related products which harm the environment .
Somebody who listens to you talking about your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to get them , your plans for the future , and moreover , pays special attention in times of crisis .
As requested , I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language , but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
George had lost his memory , and he could n't come back .
Rebeca Costa
But , I am really proud of my school .
I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
But no matter how fabulous it looks , it brings some consequences and even problems .
Fulya
As the population grows exponentially , the resources fail to do the same .
In our city , we have a billboard to urge people to pay attention to the environment .
After a long and tiring crawl , I needed to find a shelter where I could seek refuge from the chilling wind howling over my head unabated .
Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
FAILURES
Maybe most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transport .
Usually , they tend to hide their faces , since angels can not move freely when they watch each other .
Is there something that makes us unique ?
All I can say about the second article is that it has rarely proof of the intervention .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke something .
Those questions are : where do we come from and how ?
Though good enough , the growth of the population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
Previously , people used to use buses , taxis , autos for going to offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Even though you have to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammar is easy to understand and you will be able to make simple sentences in a few days .
Michael was sitting on the garden bench , waiting for his mother to finish her work .
Some people might agree with this statement , but I do not .
But you need to understand the main idea .
The other side of the problem is ecological .
For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
I have completed a 6 month vocational cookery course .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
What will be the same ?
Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confusion .
2 . He should be disciplined .
That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
It gives me a sense of achievement . For these reasons , I would like to it do every day .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
Last but not least , we should do everything according to our conscience .
We also see that people adhere to the norms when they build new houses and do n't encroach on any public lands .
First , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when people close to them raise their tone of voice and continue speaking loudly for a long time , without having clear reasons .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
After two days and with the help of the filming , the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
In my opinion , the best way to develop your new friendship is meeting them ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
5- It gives me a lot of time to think about all my life without any disturbance from anybody .
then practice does the rest .
Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needed more time to finish the task .
They are singing funny and building their nests .
Recommendations
At first , Ken , had thought about giving her some cruise tickets as a present .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet the local population .
Gloria Caraballo
Sarah got off her bike and looked through the window .
There are more than 200 old , abandoned , buildings in our capital city .
What Noa does not know is that she was in love with him from the first time that she saw him .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
I have experience with children aged between 10 and 12 . I have worked in the South School Centre for two years .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving story that will charm you .
This Italian restaurant is in Monção and near the school .
The signature collection by the White House has now ended .
Whatever happens , you should smile and keep cool .
Going for a run is the best way to set your mind free and to think about nothing .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Many leaders believe that money is the best . However , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivating employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover its beauty !
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer . I think that playing it is a good way to enjoy yourself .
However , almost every student confessed to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large number of friends there .
However , this family believed that if they achieved their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
The poor quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example , English , French or German .
Attention to radio commercials is low .
It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
But , if we are not too tired at the time , we could go out .
- You are the only person that came here in the last five hours , Peter .
Although I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak English to us .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
In addition , my academic education also stands out in my student life .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
Also , advice is n't always taken positively .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatik Street .
Sidi is 24 years old . And last is Joni , who is only 15 years old .
On the other hand , there is one other very important thing in my life - health .
Firstly , I am convinced that colour is very important when people buy clothes , especially for women .
Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
She told me not good at all , but mine was good and she also added that I might get the chance , and finally I got it .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all families a special doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the usual way , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advantage .
As soon as one problem in the company was solved , another one , just as infuriating , would come up with the party planning .
My favourite sport is cricket . I have loved cricket very much since from my school days .
My favourite sport is running .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
It 's a beautiful city !
But every time , I get trouble .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I could n't be so decadent forever . I wanted some change , hoping I would be better the next year .
She tried screaming and calling me as I was sleeping peacefully beside her .
Because we can travel anywhere , but on public transport we can not travel to any other places
What a pity !
Well then , let 's start with the time we eat and what we eat at those moments here in Holland .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisted .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
Above The above statements can ensure a rich and abundant life .
It is great fun .
I am flexible , a good team player , and able to work under pressure .
He remembered that he still had n't studied for his chemistry test .
I think you should consult a doctor about it .
Meanwhile , you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
But if you are a beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
Unfortunately , my previous studies were in Arabic .
Margaret Dunn
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot , because our world is incredible .
" Hi . Where are you ? she asked , apprehension rising slowly . "
So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
Thank you for your email .
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
It will be very different .
I have never seen this sight .
It is a very quiet place . Because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
The learning style is a traditional learning style that is usual in my country .
Enjoy !
Etc .. )
It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
They are good people .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that , they start preschool .
Anyway , if you read different books , you can understand better .
They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
Do you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is quite big and it is so green .
In a few sentences , we can get an idea of what it is .
She is called Canelle . She 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me . it will be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
The hotel handles privacy very well and I guess most of the guests will appreciate it .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
This subject is beautiful and incredible . like it very much .
Yours sincerely ,
He was very handsome and he sang a magnificent song for me .
All of the crew but two are killed .
It was a nice spring morning .
Have a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
After 3 days we came home .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste daily . "
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
This castle consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
I hope I will get my order and I hope you will be more on time for the customer order shipping .
There is a saying in Turkish saying ' If you love a rose , you have to withstand its thorns ' .
So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
Old clothes , books and toys in good condition can be passed on to charity shops .
Max could not have been happier . "
But the pay is a little low .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Yours faithfully ,
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has a much better future .
Another interesting place in my village is the square with its spring .
I am also a very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am a reliable person and I can work under pressure .
There is also quite a big concert hall where , if you are lucky , you can enjoy some interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
Viña del Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractions for tourists of all ages .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
To ensure safety , wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us financially , but it was n't enough .
I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
First of all , I would like to begin by giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting is located .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I would do this job very well .
Every country has got its own history .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign languages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
Of course , I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
They present complex information so smartly that an ignorant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he becomes the follower and a voter .
When I step on the surf board , all my vexation and misgivings are gone .
Public transport would have more of a future if it were better distributed .
The game of gentlemen is my favourite game . Yes , I mean cricket .
The cottage was really great , with a fantastic view of the beach .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
But I think that not many things will change .
In fact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally has its roots in Baloch culture and has been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
This automatic , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces the amount of labor needed , saves waste initially caused by human errors , saves time and produces at better quality too .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,
These are my findings and my recommendations .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian food with two or more courses .
The name of the team was Katsa .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
This is such an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , keep pace with the group and not to be left behind .
My villain of this year is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptable !
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , and then becomes his middleman .
The summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , athletics , football , volleyball , basketball and others .
At the same time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of the God of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
It leads to an increasing number of people choosing to use the online museum .
My husband and I appreciate very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
7 ) What are your salary expectations ?
Bob
thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
A car can help a person to go anywhere and at any time in much less time compared to public transport .
It was presented by a politician , an economist and two environmentalists .
Now I have about 100 and will have more in future , I hope .
I did not do much .
The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra - curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
Japanese people have the spirit of recycling and loving old things even now .
In developed countries , four wheels have gained a lot of appreciation in everyday transportation .
Hi , my name is Leon Johnson . I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
We need only amazing running shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
Supply of potable water is perhaps the most important part of all municipal services .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
Last summer I worked at a cinema . I think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the various neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
The literature review has three main parts .
I think that the differences between homes now and homes in the future will be small .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite sport is swimming .
You have to catch the 712 bus .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Thank god for his existence in this world .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
I believe that it 's a good thing to share with everyone .
It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what life in the future could be like .
It was very enjoyable from the onset , and has been a fantastic experience to learn the sport together with other children .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more than one TV .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
That day was the start of my scientific career .
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change one bus for another one going to my town , where I can meet you at the bus station .
The first one is basically based on the true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he became rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock market .
She slowly started to smile .
The warm interior is the perfect place to eat in winter , while in summer , many diners prefer the outside tables beside the turquoise Soca river .
At a young age , before she went to school , she started reading .
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern building .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
It 's really important for people to know the boundary between curiosity and nosiness .
They are white with black and blue lines .
I like running and I run three days a week .
Generally , I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
Governments can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
Television has many advantages .
That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and a variety of cancers .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social activities to prepare students for their future development .
First , classes with discussion between professor and student have an advantage for the students because they learn how to interact with their fellow students .
There you will find a parking area and some basketball courts , and on further exploration , just after the basketball courts & walking towards that famous bridge that you can now see much better , a restaurant .
In the following essay , I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
My parents are my best friends and guides .
He is always on my mind , even though he is not physically present .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
It 's very simple .
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
So , I think my favorite sport is going walking in the countryside .
It is a popular place .
Have you ever thought about what your life will be like in the next 50 years ?
There were many things that just stunned me at one moment , when the band started to play ...
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
Getting along with international friends is a great way to expand your horizons .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
We had a long love story .
When we saw that , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Dominika
Shopping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free time .
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
I hope that my advice will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Several lounge sofas were available on the side for big groups to sit together , but the view was what caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
To finish lunch in Italy , we eat fruit .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
In that building you can also find a small cinema .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
When I first saw him , I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
My name is Marco Bruno .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Rafael
Pluses :
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish for crabs and just have a lot of fun .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
In the exam , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
The concert I helped at was amazing !
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's really fun to go far in the cups .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy yellow glow inside the cave .
The Great Wall is a great military construction in China , known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
The frog got well while it was at home for two months .
Hello Jane !
Furthermore , it makes children more sociable .
I look forward to your positive answer .
We like watching TV series and cooking different desserts , too .
This is a good option , especially during the summertime .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any Italian cook .
Ivan is from Machachi . He is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
Once again , Groban fascinates audiences from all over the world with his mature voice and catchy tunes .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for my friend , the bride .
But all these factors are not important to me .
I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
Besides this , TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxing moment , mainly for men .
The reasons
People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
Sincerely ,
Public transport is the future .
After that , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
On the last trip , I parked my car in the airport car park , it has many storeys with different signs .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
Because Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
Once we stop using public transport , it is going to cause problems .
I think it is more fun to stay together in your apartment . We could tell horror stories to each other at night , before sleeping .
Dear Nick
All in all , I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons stated above .
According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical health .
To begin with , I have been interested in birdwatching from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is now thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Nowadays , he has turned into another director .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
How are you ?
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
We have huge experience of organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
Some of them are roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted the lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
I studied English at school .
People have also become concerned about nature .
It lets people know that they are important or powerful .
Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrifying at night .
Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
If there is any problem with the cash register ( very common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
I am very interested in this post , since it offers an excellent opportunity to develop my career in international management .
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see a camera 's flash !
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer , I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
Hi David ,
Furthermore , I have improved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformatics and microscopic techniques , and I also would like to point out my high motivation to develop expertise in stem cells and pharmaceutical research .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide a clear picture of the motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
One of my characteristics is that I 'm a very precise person . For example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends well .
All this was caused by a cat ?
It really was amazing . I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
I hope the world will not be destroyed by humans , but in the end everyone knows that the entire world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
The man got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around him .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
Stelios Metaxas
Love
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
It could n't be him again ...
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring people happiness .
For this reason , we did n't use a motorway .
My youngest sister is 29 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Her name is Asmaa .
There are no words to explain how much I miss him .
On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service staff has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is becoming old - fashioned .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed louder this time .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
However , it is not always enjoyable .
His first stop was the garage where he had to pay and pick up his friend Rob 's car .
In my view , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
example , is there a park or cinema nearby ?
They will package and distribute the sheets which are good .
Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
For instance , some countries allow people to do military service after all their courses have finished .
I would recommend the River Boat Disco because not only does it offer a buffet , but also , people are more likely to converse with each other while listening to music than to a comedian .
Find your joy in " Scary Movie "
Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
The smallest work changes the environment .
Each of the cities has a unique set of means of transport .
For the above reasons , car travel is the best choice .
And I went to open the door .
Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
Assessment and evaluation will provide information , for the teacher as well as for the students .
Once you 're in the train station , go to where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
Hope you will be free at 6 a.m.
One could almost feel the silence .
From the table of data , the most significant items are as follows .
I wonder for sixteen years .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
Sexual Harassment
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
It is a sport that develops not only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of the environment .
After all the courses that I 've done , I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
This year I decided to start visiting a pool and swimming up to three times a week .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun . The robber forced the man onto the street and then the tourist put to run .
In contrast , interactive learning may bring some advantages , but it can also make children antisocial , because they learn on their own without the need to be in school with other people .
The route makes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mess .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children love : I am really creative . I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lot .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
March 21st , 2007
You can study hard for years , but if you are n't obligated to use English for everyday things , you wo n't become good at it .
Personally , what I love about this restaurant is the ambiance .
I hate that .
Last summer I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weeks .
She always tells me some jokes , but sometimes I laugh !
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and an extravagant shopping experience , this is the right place .
My younger sister wants to go to the beach , so if she is not a problem , she could come with us .
But enough about me ! Tell me about you !
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely different field .
To cut a long story short - you must not miss this event !
There are also other areas in Viña del Mar where groups of shops have concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential areas , also convenient for people who live in the surroundings .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
Or are we a product of our own lives ?
Michael just felt nothing different to usual . He was on his way to school .
If we use public transport services ,
The truth was that he had n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he could n't afford to fail .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is full of many world famous paintings .
In order to achieve its objectives , Trivago invested more money in promotion in 2014 .
It would be a good way to change the lifestyle !
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
For example , in your childhood you are much happier than your parents because their job is not very easy .
The boy did not do anything wrong .
I believed him , but I did n't know how wrong I was .
Alison swallowed her laughter inside her , knowing this was not the appropriate time to joke around .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful , although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
Furthermore , it also can respect rights of people , especially women who are not able to adapt to the hard training .
For instance , I was really afraid of speaking in front of many people .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the top of his class .
City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
It 's located in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the construction materials that were necessary for its building .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics , but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which are more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money on gas .
Afterwards , some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and destroys your mood !
He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car
I think that is enough .
Peter took out his mobile , dialed 112 and told the dispatcher about that whole situation .
Also , films on soaring birds were played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
I kept praying to God to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fully aware of my own self - imposed exile from church services the last two years .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense , which I have already practiced .
I 'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in the USA .
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and not everyone can afford it .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
She was 12 years old .
I myself am a fan of horror movies , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see such a complex film .
It was a lovely day .
Regards .
Children and elderly people ca n't have a driving license , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transport is their only option .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted soon they will never grow again .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions , but I do not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
Also , people today tend to get higher degrees than people in the past .
Gay marriage and reproductive rights are not recognized by the Costa Rican and most Latin governments , all because of the set of beliefs of a percentage of their community .
Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
Fashion and luxury
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education , but because of their eagerness to show their kids that they are great and responsible parents .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who have finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finished yet , education does n't stop from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Nevertheless , I might take a reasonable risk if it can positively influence business .
As a meticulous , organized and result - oriented biologist , I pay great attention to detail , am skilled at gathering data and used to keeping detailed records .
Chic & Creative Dessert Lounge
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
By contrast , if you are more keen to save money , the best option is the street market .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Without a pleasant place to live , they are facing extinction .
You can put all the bags that you want to take in your car .
Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store which offers products for building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
It 's easy , interesting and fun .
People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
Dear Ms Richards ,
I checked connections between Warsaw and Berlin and she will be at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10 .
Then the professional said that the island has expose with the ocean .
It was my best friend .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I screamed my lungs out .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We learn to really segregate waste and , in the future , how we could , for example , use the same glass a second time .
After a while , when we were playing one of his computer games , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
He has to travel to remote parts of the world and have some really amazing adventures .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and she saw Sarah get hurt .
Namely , Design , Preparation of metal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
Will there just be one system ?
I think that public transport will have a future for many reasons .
I was absolutely excited .
Roberta
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food as part of their daily diet .
We can visit every place with no time limitations .
If you are interested in local design , vintage clothes and remarkable souvenirs , go to the historical center of the city .
animals to safely reproduce .
I am a responsible person who can cope in a crisis .
Hi ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Her mother was a shy woman who did not know what to do to escape from poverty and even though she had two or three jobs all the time , they did not know if they would have somewhere to sleep the next night .
In this kind of education , the teacher is only the guide who helps students to discover the information on their own .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
It said that I was now one of them .
There are many small garbage cans around cafes , stores , and other public places .
Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I switch off the heating .
Another language of their choice follows at secondary school .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt of wedding costs .
I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
This method will keep your state of mind assertive and clear .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and always smiling .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of day .
We play piano , sing favorite songs , play board games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
When printing is finished , they have to be inspected .
Although educated people in the past had the same desire to learn as educated people today , those who were considered educated in the past would be considered less educated today .
Hello Joe .
In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy , so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
Next , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
I make lots of grammatical mistakes when I am speaking and writing .
It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find not only the typical Spanish food , but also dishes from different parts of the world .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Jeyatharini Deshpande
The whole process is arduous and nerve - wracking .
Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
My goal is admission to National University .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
- But are you sure ?
Cars are a good way of saving time , especially when waiting for public transport , mainly buses .
She just packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always got the top marks and participated in most activities , and known to all the teachers and students .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running , but I prefer to play tennis .
Sheets in the second group then get separated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where separate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my little brother because my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic and English letters .
Fewer channels means fewer choices .
Recommendations :
I had just graduated from the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
If you want to start doing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
Passing this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies and deal with it reasonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .
Of course , none of these radical measures last long against the very basic human instinct : laziness .
It is a fact that , on the one hand , you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays , but on the other hand , we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
Dear Jo ,
Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other languages before we can communicate well in English .
I got a lot of experience from them .
I 've also participated in various group projects and class projects while in high school .
All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a good time .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams , like Barcelona and AC Milan .
I recommend it .
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
He felt like he was about to die .
I 'm not sure .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
Kind regards , Wouter .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is fun when you play with people who have the same level as you .
Not only do children have one , grandparents have one too .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
Just change your daily habits .
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly ; you feel at home .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than on the other islands mentioned above , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
In this way , you can , maybe , read aloud .
hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
The company will ensure low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
But I was POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
After two weeks , he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
A modern interpretation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more time on playing it .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
Hi Ryan ,
So , I agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
Ss did n't know how much time they had to finish the task .
I 'm so happy with these holidays . I hope I meet good people and visit beautiful places .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write their impressions of beautiful sights .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
We can consider it the main cause of traffic jams on the island .
And guess what was the best thing about it ?
The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do these kinds of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
Natalia
On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tango shows are put on and take their own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music of Buenos Aires .
Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
From that moment , there was panic and chaos all over the city .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
But I guess it was too big a shock , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
But we should n't make the same mistakes .
It seems more convenient to them to get around on their own rather than be tied to public transport .
What about the future ?
When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
What do you think about buying it for her ?
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
I had never felt so nervous ... I looked at the audience . Everyone was looking at me .
Being unsuccessful at studying is a horrible thing , it affects people badly .
He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
volleyball .
To decorate the cake , whip some cream and top with fresh fruit .
Our friends always ask after you and your family .
First of all , you can come to Moscow .
I am 20 years old .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
For example , which way you should go , where is a good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Although I still have not passed the FCE exam , I am currently working hard to achieve that goal very soon .
There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
When you clock off at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Nervously , we walked back .
It was a bright sunny day and the birds were peacefully singing .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
The winner is the team which has scored most goals at the end of the match .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
Every aspect of science will evolve . For example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
The two maps show the changes which took place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
Anyway , that is only one side . What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
On the other hand , the new language needs an additional effort .
The meeting ended .
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is spent working .
By using public transport we protect the environment .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping facilities .
Thanks for your kind understanding
My country 's history inspired me all my life . The important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation especially affects the history of human civilization .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
It took him twenty minutes to do his hair .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise .
Practice
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively , which cheers me up and relaxes me .
I enjoy my favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , I think better and I meet lovely people because of running .
Probably , even tomorrow .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
But to learn new cultures , we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kinds of sports activities , such as swimming and riding .
Do you have a favourite sport ?
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in turning high - potential young people into globally - minded , responsible leaders .
If you pay between one and three euros , you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
Composting has made us more aware of our waste and the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
If more people download its mobile application , it means more people know its brand and use its service .
If they choose bad , they could begin to stop doing things which were important to them in previous periods in their lives .
My mother always told me that my dad never had time for her and my siblings .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
The dinner was amazing .
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents .
And one consequence of this is that they have health problems .
I hope it will help you .
Peter 's mother needed a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market near home did n't have it .
I love to travel with my family .
The town has to do that and I think in England there are so many green areas all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that creates a good environment .
My favourite sport is football . The main reason why I like it is because , when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Because I did n't find any tickets for the concert in London , I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
This is an old petition .
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Currently , all types of courses exist via the Internet , at any academic or vocational level .
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
This is because everyone has a place on the bus .
I am interested in applying for one - on - one classes in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
Now , it is safer to travel than in previous years .
It is impossible not to love doing sports activity in the fresh air .
That 's why I have always been making an effort to enhance my knowledge and experiences to be a teacher in my future career .
Dear Mary ,
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck in a jam during rush hours .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Moreover , it has led to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull for tourism .
The look and feel should follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use more modern fonts .
My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
With love ,
He finally wanted to find a job again .
Why is soccer one of the best sports in the world ?
I 'm having a very nice time in Seville though .
That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
Why do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a country ?
So I think you should n't be upset because now is a difficult period , I know , but it passes and we can get back our lives when we go to university .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
According to the author , people " flinch from consideration of Good Friday " due to three taboos connected with this day : self - sacrifice , suffering and death .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The world watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also . to the present world without television
I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
It is an archipelago , so there are definitely many tourist spots here .
There are a lot of opportunities .
Regarding the actual shopping mall , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
Aiming high !
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
The TV shows broadcast on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
But immediately she realized that it was one of her friends ' tricky plans and she started to laugh with them .
These days , we use cars to travel between countries .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
Or maybe , during the year off , somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they have already found what they want to do or be .
We are a married couple , both 32 years old , living at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts and commit crimes .
The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
Marginalization has a link with the illegality of this activity .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrated , sick of passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
They are just the most sensitive and innocent victims of mistreatment .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job . Many people use the Internet to work , and they earn money every month .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
I hope I 'm not bothering you too much with my redecoration , knowing how busy you are .
See you soon !
He thought that many students had decided to follow his last lesson and he was pleased and moved by this kindness .
It is an amazing sport .
They both left the office quickly .
Jake was able to enjoy its multicultural environment and its great cultural initiatives .
I am only sure about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
That wastes people 's time and makes people feel exhausted .
I could n't believe my eyes , we had found Niall .
Kimono has a very simple structure .
Like the one I had in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
Dear Jenny ,
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I take a quick shower .
Day by day , the country is developing more and more . Nowadays , we have trains .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
I once read that in Italy we produce 450 different cheeses and I do n't think a foreigner would try them all !
In my school days , I did not participate in any programme , even sports .
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got aviophobia !
As time passed , Peter and John gradually became closer to each other .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect the quality of sheets and divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damaged quality and bad quality .
In contrast with Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
We have many stamina foods . I think dog meat is a better stamina food than another meats .
Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from it and earn money at the same time .
Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
At the " Soft Notes " , you can hear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades of Grey ....
I usually play it with my partners and my friends , which makes the game even more fun .
She always wanted to be in the spotlight , and she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
My wife had to ask me for help , because she was n't strong enough to push the safety lock through .
She also appeared to be relieved that she would n't have to live with her parents anymore .
They are known for selling fake products .
- What ?
Natasha
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The synagogue is still being used as a place of prayer for the few remaining Jewish people in Cracow or for visitors from Israel or other parts of the world .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usually make !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I think I would be the right person for such a job .
I suggest everyone goes to this place because , not only is the food good , but also , the owners are very friendly .
I think playing basketball helps me to be healthy .
Due to that , Scout gets bored and starts to hate school .
Living alone , you have to make friends when you 're sad .
That 's why I like to go to a school with good facilities and widespread information to help me to be a successful person .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium - the producer of penicillin .
We won first place .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
Last month , as you may know , I was a volunteer on the occasion of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
They will check your empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will warn your supermarket and they will bring them .
I remember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take the train and went to Paris in France .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport has a lot of possibilities , more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School .
Many Hong Kongers love to travel and go to different countries to experience the culture and enjoy the different lifestyle .
Petrol will run out in a few years .
Meanwhile , they are friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
Shopping facilities :
As a result , they may have to diversify into other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
And also most of them are very attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .
We build roads for us and make life easy and better .
And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and faster .
Looking forward to hearing from you and wishing you a nice day .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I mean , it would be better that there was more transparency as far as how they spend " our money " is concerned .
My favorite sport
It was destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 75 BC .
And they said it 's really good for your health .
Mary Pink
You have always wanted to be a policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your mind ) so you must be very fit , since you need to pass the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my mother .
He was isolated .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
Sometimes , public transport is useful because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
While Jack was there , he heard Brad talking with Max about their new plan . It was related to a gigantic weapon that would shoot toxic waste at New York City , so in that way , everybody would become a zombie .
Similarly , I do not have any study methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms for learning English .
When we need to punish it we spread some drops of water on its face .
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays .
At the end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinking about how much our current idea of the house will change in the future .
Motivation for me was a 15k race .
Hello Lara ,
That girl , indeed , was Alice herself in her youth .
A typical American name , right ?
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
Thank you very much for writing me this letter .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he still kept in contact with her .
Besides , adding a schedule to the left section would be an advantage , as our customers would be able to find the option they need in a more convenient way .
However , I do not agree with them , because in most parts of the world mass transport systems are still popular and they are environmentally friendly and cost - efficient .
Apart from the eating culture , everything is going well as people here are generous and hospitable .
Karen
However , because there are some disadvantages to the GM technology which is being developed , it is also recommended that governments should give more importance to the management of GM food .
How are you doing ?
Despite this , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
Yours faithfully ,
IT 'S BEEN SUCH A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
In the evenings we could tell them horror histories . Also , we could play with gestures .
I opened some tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
Subject : Opinion on what young people are interested in
In this day and age , most people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
You are invited , of course .
They usually do n't want to be with me , but today we played all day long .
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're going to travel without a destination !
Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now , he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
I could n't believe my eyes ...
Nevertheless , they always inform about the latest news on their website and in their TV show as soon as possible and , in addition , they give a great overview of the necessary background information you need .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
But luck was n't with me !
I'm on holiday from school . "
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we want at this time .
You can have fun walking with friends and admiring the different shades of colors on the leaves .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
As always after having fish for dinner , he had a strange dream .
--Tris .
I am was asking to me if you want to go to a party with me ?
Sometimes I give them some information about the names of streets or where the main monuments are .
As far as the storyline is concerned , I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
We could bring a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to shop in each shop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .
In 1983 , the pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
A day at the races .
The concert was very good .
I 'm very happy to read your letter and that you are coming to my beautiful country .
But if you have a lot of money you can go and buy something you really need .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
That was only 30 years ago .
Hello Pierre ,
On the other hand , this is the price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
I put on my costume and walked on stage . I had to wait until the curtains opened .
He would make a name for himself by working hard , and his family would be proud .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Melina .
I fell relaxed being alone near mountains and snow .
Given the learning experiences in the past two year s ' school - based support , some sound teaching strategies have been developed and these include the provision of adequate language inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
Of course , that must include the health care system .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
On the other hand , travelling by metro or bus pollutes less than going by car .
This means they are able to have a flexible schedule .
I spent last night at this hotel .
A car offers comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
Activity makes people excited and remember their memory .
Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him what she had seen .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in the organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming strong competition since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion for persuasion and problem solving .
Many times we pay more attention to other things . It can do it in many opportunities .
Nowadays , the building has become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
While I struggled to walk .
Or 10 days ?
That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a snake - hearted woman that she did as many cruel things as she could to torture this poor boy .
What fine weather today !
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , a 15-year - old Italian teenager , and I have studied English since I was 7 .
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's lives and their surroundings .
Mrs Kate Ashby
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he would n't lie ever in his life again .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
This happens because some people are famous just because they have had an affair with a singer or a footballer , so the only thing people want to know about them is if that is true or not , and when it happened .
Well , weddings in my country are usually celebrated in a church .
Hello Jo .
I am writing to join an English course at your school to improve my English and help me to find a job .
It also develops patience and self - control , and helps to control your fear .
What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will be interested in them .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could definitely make ourselves frustrated .
I never ever wanted to be self - employed .
I have been playing tennis since I was four years old .
Whether you like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive to the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them down will purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
It is providing a 12-year free education for every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
Good luck , Anna .
I like this place because I can enjoy good views of my city .
You can even take a rest for a while to sleep or to have a nap .
Lee ( 2014 ) defines three methods of self - presentation in most social media : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
Conclusion
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
It has also become a vital thing for life .
It is claimed that our lives will improve in the next fifty years .
We also have a biogas plant on the outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be calm , not feel stress .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
Dear James
I could learn more about American culture and people .
He tried in his mind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
-For the dance in the green palace .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once they have improved , I will be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different positions .
I look forward to your reply .
A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , and you could help them to get there .
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing world and the text book can not catch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to time .
Furthermore , I do not worry about theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but you can choose your friends .
Your car will always go to the right place - no transport changes , no awkward routes .
It is a place where you can always find lots of tourists and foreigners .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
He was scared .
Since my law school graduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .
I was actually about to email you about the activities that are being planned .
Some people may think that only these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching these channels as entertainment .
I am looking forward to your answer .
However , there are in fact several methods that you can employ should you want to become a linguist .
It consists of eight parts : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for putting on a play and A few final thoughts .
I met those boys the next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the initiation test .
In my opinion , I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with birthday wishes .
A feeling of being completely free , the joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , the incredible speed - all of those things can easily make you happy .
Best wishes ,
Another disadvantage of learning on the Internet can be problems with the Internet connection .
What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I found vast differences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australia .
We are sure that the tourists who visit our city can feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when they go home .
I had to stand because we were moving house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
And for this reason , I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
The luxurious hotel has 218 rooms .
He was later given the opportunity to learn English .
Also , people can have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
Even though all the meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
Am I right ?
At that point , someone invited sing to me , after school , they and I went to dinner and went to sing .
Now , I play padel four days per week .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck the whole society with many negative effects , drawing the attention of citizens to catastrophes .
It ca n't be real .
Then , more citizens will follow suit and we may all hope to live in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
Write to me as soon as possible .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
Flowers were in every colour of the rainbow , the leaves on the trees were turning green .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
This does not suggest that children can not learn from having a pet .
Compared with the past when we uses horses for transportation .
This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
We also require that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
So , for now , we must sleep well to be healthier .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to the middle class prefer pink and green colours for some psychological reasons .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
You can think what you like , but I think that is the best part of Germany .
We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know how these accidents are caused .
She sees Viper with his friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to learn for yourself .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
" Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! " , Luck said .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
There might be a few situations , when shopping can bring a headache instead of joy .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know which is the best path to follow .
However , robots will not replace humans in the daily tasks .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgotten for a long time .
Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggaeton as they can dance together .
In conclusion , we look forward to our village being free from pollution and keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where our children will grow up .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
Some of them were made in the modern style and some of them in the classic .
They have green engines .
From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
Today , the people use the app " blah blah car " .
My town is a medium - sized city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
Equally importantly , a car requires maintenance and it will be another expense that the owner has to cover .
You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
If you plan to play this game , you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand the " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
Come here .
Valpolicella has many sights that are worth seeing : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with a famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Next year in Turkey
If you want to start running , first , you need comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
However , step by step , we will work our way up .
In the meantime , what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
Review Silence of the Lambs
When I watched until the middle of the film , it was scary .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
That always depends on what we were hoping for .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
He was not stupid , but you could not expect any pearls of wisdom from him .
Firstly , online learning conveys flexibility in its schedule .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
Hello ,
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
Russia
First of all , you should avoid small market places .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went to the concert together .
I hope to see you soon .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase profits and I am doing well .
You wo n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time , like no room for you to sit , bad smells people can make , or getting bothering or bushing .
All of them .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I studied English at university although I am Portuguese .
That 's all for my presentation today .
The main participants are the woman and the man .
As you see , there are a lot of opportunities for tourists to spend their money in my city .
Even though it is a large campsite , it feels small and cosy .
Collecting books is my favourite pastime .
Her struggle for survival turns out to be successful !
After walking for many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about how much they would still need to walk to find a city . Also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
Modern Family is my favourite series .
I believe that nobody can do without them .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run . I knew it was because of nerves .
It has been an easy target for terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling on a bus , you accept the risk .
Just as a coin has two sides , television , too , has its pros and cons .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough , as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , were very high .
I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
Lou
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
The next morning , we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
I am really cra
I recommend that everyone in this department takes the course , that way we could have the views of all the employees and focus on what we need to improve and channel it into profits .
He was accused of mistreating his wife and that is the reason why they had been separated for the last eight months .
However , not all people are aware of it .
And in order to help them defend themselves , I can also teach them some techniques for self - defense .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
2771 YJ Amsterdam
When Elena saw the house for the first time , she could n't believe her eyes !
For the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirty cars with a single person inside .
There are many worldwide international football competitions .
In this research , the sample size seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
The fact that these tools are familiar for young people makes them helpful and useful .
Then Sergio left Microsoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he wanted .
As a result of these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
After that , they never spoke again .
I am available to start to work immediately .
I felt cold sweat on my back .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
The situation suddenly changed .
In the centre of the park there is a shaft which is . The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
Even the sound of these two words sounds like fantasy .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
Bye
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was telling her any lies , and her mom told her that she promised that was n't a lie .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
This new outlook on teaching methods consists of the use of so - called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
A lot of my close friends that I went to Stocksund Skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
Oh , the ticket !
She instantly knew that her homeland must be nearby .
Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
it will attract the sun 's rays and catch fire .
I like the way you gave examples of how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
Ice diving is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
Nowadays , people depend on them too much .
The world is changing .
Sincerely yours ,
As a matter of fact , students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as much information as they can contain .
In particular , I am highly skilled at welcoming and directing customers .
My favorite sport is basketball .
In our daily life we wake up early in the morning .
Alison ran along the nocturnal streets of France .
But I fell into a grave .
Ines Solorio
Computers can offer escape from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and uninventive .
Every day , the population spends a lot of time in traffic congestion .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
Honestly , I could not agree more , as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient information .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery tickets .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at gate number seven .
I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
However , many of them are not ready for this .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
These glaciers are habitat for polar bears and many other arctic animals .
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising , as had been happening for the last few days .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
Dear Mrs Ashby
They say that the Earth 's population will need to find and colonise two planets as our forests and fresh water supplies will vanish .
The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
And skiing .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
Nutritionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children and even the ones that will kill them .
What I just said is what the restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoming .
Some people think that this is possible , but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
Our goal was to increase the storage capacity to several days .
If I were to start my new sports career , I would choose good medical care at first .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
All over the world , people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
I played badminton with my family last night .
Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
Even though people listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they probably do not know how to spell the word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal word .
In Spain many people will travel in their own car or by car with their colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
Yours faithfully ,
It provides citizens with the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
Bye , I have to go .
I started shouting , as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement about working in summer camps in the USA .
That is why my parents decided to go on a bike trip to the forest outside our city .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originating from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in our sail boat .
Kind regards
If we run out of power , entire cities could be plunged into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I helped at .
But in my case , it happens rarely .
The process can be divided into three stages .
Household rubbish :
After unpacking , we left our room to look around the rest of the resort .
This sport is about catching the ball and scoring .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
The capitalist world makes us increasingly become us updated .
Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and homework in the long vacation .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I get on well with young children .
He must have applied some lipstick for them to be that red !
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep our planet safe , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
Now he is a famous person on the internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
Firstly , there are a lot of people in western countries , who do part - time study and work full - time or vice - versa .
I hope to see you soon !
Giselle
The admission tickets to most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
When I grow up I want to work with music in some way , but if I do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
Luis
In the morning , I go to school by bus with my brothers , but they get up earliest .
After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which encourages people to use cars even more .
Maybe studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in books , etc ...
Television
I think that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that contribute to or are made from materials that cause the greenhouse effect .
He is an orderly and clean man .
I learned how to respond to different people 's needs resulting from cultural differences and expectations .
when I saw your advertisement , I instantly thought that I would like to work in one of your summer camps .
He was actually one of the rulers of this country and his real name was Vlad Tepes .
I am excited about applying for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
The disadvantage , however , is that , because of the machines , many people have lost their jobs .
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students , making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
What do you think about this ?
Italian companies must face the challenge set by the market demand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
I worked backstage at a rock concert !
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy with the accommodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines , dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
Travelling around the city by car is faster than on public transport .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used by a lot of people .
For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
Dear Sir ,
1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
I will wait for you at the train station .
Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
A great number of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment .
The castle also has a courtyard .
Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of him .
Now , let 's talk about the good things .
When you get hired by a British employer , it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
She can make a very exciting show and surprise her fans .
But those are justified by the presence effect stage actors might render active in comparison to film actors .
Trieste is a little town situated in the north - east of Italy .
I remember those years and I would like my children to practise it when they are older . It is an interesting sport .
First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
All fast food dishes are home - made .
Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
He thought .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
But when I 'm with him , they become secondary .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
On a normal weekday , over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
what a file is ? "
As you enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
Many characteristics will increase immensely , such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects are taught in schools .
On the last day , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which help us to easily understand about subjects such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world to participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
So , I think the statement should be like this : " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
After 10 minutes , a resignation letter was ready to take to Michael 's boss .
These programs are not just for killing time , but for educating .
The man has already saved 500 dollars , but it is not enough .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
Hi Peter !
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course , stock cubes .
Given the experience gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
I also noticed that one team was not writing anything .
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion was .
So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
However , this health management and policy class with open discussion was helpful for me insofar as I learned how to speak in front of others .
It makes my day more productive .
I have never got anything like this .
I am writing about the international sports monthly magazine I have seen .
NASA replied that it was a really amazing achievement that Rosetta left the solar system .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
Maybe I have gone mad ?
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
Everyone could speak and understand each other .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
Therefore , I need those papers .
This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I still think the public transportation system will keep on growing in such a crowded era .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
The Home of the Future
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children 's school .
What should I do ?
You can see how the buildings were built in the olden days there .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
We had a fun time at the beginning of our lives , when we were kids .
Sales promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of a product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
It was an incredible trip !
The best manufacturers of clothes , linen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
Classroom management is good .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
She can not wait to see Tom .
With this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a running track where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their way .
With the development of mass media , television and internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
We reached our home at 1:00 pm and planned to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
- Conclusions : The questions we asked before will be answered .
People can easily obtain the latest knowledge by owning a computer that can access the network and having the ability to read .
In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
After the class , Alison joined her friends .
Then it is very important to go to this store and choose an object that makes you remember the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps poor families with little children .
The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and prevent it from becoming stalled .
In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
Usually , I do n't have much time to spend on myself , since I am always occupied with something .
yours ,
The action takes place in Japan , in the time of samurais and witches .
We have subjective opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink whether those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and with a strong sense of responsibility .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I attended last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during that period of time .
My parents are very support .
In 2012 , the Japanese central bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
We enjoyed swimming in the sea , sunbathing , having a barbecue and seeing the sunset .
They prefer to invest in public roads and motorways .
Once , when I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
You can relax when you are travelling , listening to music or reading a book .
Have you ever wondered why we need sports ?
basketball .
It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
When Michael stepped into the room , he felt something very fresh inside him .
I think it is true that there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
Yours faithfully
One of the new rules for the reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
Like in all seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
Craiova
This was followed by deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
You can choose from a variety of dishes on their menu - sushi , maki , etc .
It was found that there was an apparent difference in average speed and completion time when comparing tasks by students with basic knowledge and those from another group .
Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies sometimes or all the time .
Therefore , it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
I know that this is something strange , but I really enjoy it .
There were Long and the writer ...
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse children participation in the camp in this situation !
This is my advice for anyone who would like to play any game .
He sees a shadow outside of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of a graveyard .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check everything for blueberries .
The weather outside the window was totally different .
Firstly , I cycle to work every day .
It 's my passion .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decide to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
It 's my project .
I hope that we can work together .
I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to using green fuels and public transport .
She had been trying to find a job for a year , but she was n't lucky at all .
My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
Why not do it now ?
Dear Sir ,
First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the environment .
Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
That is all I can say . I love football very much .
Without the intervention of the government , criminals may see their chances to take advantage of internet users .
I heard that you really have a lot of work activities now .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
In addition , I can say that I was charmed by the main character who is developing throughout the whole film .
The weather was fantastic . I love sunbathing and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . When the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , near the fire place and reading .
My coach is very friendly and helps me .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
I explained to him the standard protocol that an official repair request should be sent in order to proceed with repairing the unit .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
Send my love to your family , and a big kiss to you !
Traditional energies are focused on giving all the resources to big cities .
So , having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
My favourite character is Joey , who is a silly , innocent man .
Thank you for your attention .
Thank you
I want to give advice to children .
It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves were falling from the trees .
When I started watching it I thought it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .
It does actually remind me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash cans for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love .
When we arrived , we were on the other side of the city of New York . The features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because it would attract more tourists .
Buses in need of repair
For these reasons , it can not be doubted that people think a car is more comfortable to use rather than public transportation .
Like any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and causes harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective ways of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our motivation and self - belief away .
It is a free park .
Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
It was spectacular .
The moral is about students not being naïve and being careful of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
We had so much fun !
I have been very happy , and today I am happy here .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
A dark sky without stars .
On the other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions , without any rush , they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garments , stylish items .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
When he opened the door , a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
In my opinion , music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media .
We were very happy there . We really liked Taxco .
Nowadays , the cost of buying a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thinking .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
I enjoy using GPS when travelling on my own to explore new places .
She 's very famous and I told her everything she wanted to know about the show .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soap operas .
It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
Now my average jog is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
If you 'd like to see it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really want to watch it again .
In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personal development .
We will have a good time there .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations between Russia and Turkey .
Samia
This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed .
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .
I 'm good at school , my marks prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
The town hall has created a group that works studying the tree s ' age to prevent further falls
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday at his country house .
I think there are no negative sides to jogging .
She works at a language school at the local university .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
Public transport is very complicated nowadays .
As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Hi Keiron ,
Pluses
Since 2013 , I have been studying English and Marketing Communication at University College Syddanmark .
He never deserved her .
Also , the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money , so unfortunately , I could n't .
Yours faithfully ,
There are few ways that help us master it .
Bo Hummel
I like reading books and travelling to different countries and getting to know there culture .
This is the whole working process of the bank notes and it consists of 7 steps .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
- I 'm gon na give information to Lucresia .
But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
Nowadays , owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you are willing to pay through the nose for it .
After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
I am always glad to receive your letters !
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I enjoyed the summer holiday , it was entertaining and I usually travelled around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
Why should this matter ?
Thank you very much .
My dad even took a photo of us with him .
To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those first few days when you had to get to know your new surroundings .
Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
In other words , they choose only from the most common causes .
I am trying my best and hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
Is this enough information for your project ?
On the opposite side of the National express bus stop there 's the bus stop .
Is something on his mind ?
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
I have a favourite soap opera .
On Wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons . I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
I 'm really interested in that job .
They left early in the morning . Everyone on the trip was very excited .
Also , you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
I 'd like to speak about the education system in Egypt .
I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
So all was planned ...
Fashion is a popular topic .
This museum houses the historical collection of the Spanish royal family from many centuries ago to the present time .
Feeling scared all the time will not stop me from loving her .
Yours faithfully ,
To relax , I usually read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
I had to look for help ; there was little time to lose .
Everyone is in a hurry .
She had lived abroad several times but she had never gone without knowing about her return .
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
It had the same shades as medieval maps that pictured dragons guarding an earthly paradise somewhere near the shore of India .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
I picked up and heard a nice woman 's voice .
Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
I think public transport is n't lost .
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly .
My mum 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and goal - setting .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
He wanted to explain to me what the problem was .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay more attention to real dangers .
I was in shock .
In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
After a few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
I can imagine how difficult it can be , but calm down , you will find different things to do and make friends soon .
Yours sincerely .
Shopping may cause frustration , mainly when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
It is a news programme based on well - researched facts and offers a wide range of all the important information you need .
It is a well - known fact that sometimes they prefer watching TV on the sofa or playing computer games comfortably to doing physical activities .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
He hit her .
It is important to underline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine the behaviour of an entrepreneur and show the reasons for acting .
Dear Mr Jason ,
For all rules there are exceptions .
This involves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
Starting in April or May would be right for my schedule .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
Introduction
They spend all their time thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .
Relatives visit or you can visit them .
But I can think of a thousand reasons why I should quit .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had really happened .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
For example , one person can be informed about what is happening on the other side of the world with just a click .
I am glad to hear from you and know you have bought a new computer game .
It means nobody should interfere in famous people 's lives .
Hello Charlie ,
I think one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
One of the most renowned romance films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
He was running to the cafe where they were supposed to meet .
Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful way .
This will be useful to practise both speaking and listening skills .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
The events are really intense and they just keep getting more and more intense by the minute .
For another thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human s ' health .
Some people think that this job should be done by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
People started protesting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free time ...
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason being the use of renewable sources of energy .
On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
If you ever have an opportunity to help at this kind of event , I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart !
Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art .
I hope it will be a good cat and a good experience for me .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about going shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient for tourists because they can reach everything on foot .
A dog is man 's best friend
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
Furthermore , as technology changes more and more , there will be a greater demand for these skills in the future .
He sent an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
" I need to talk to her .
In conclusion , the internet is making things better and easier ; life now is always connected to the Internet .
But , family does not always guarantee these functions , and neither do friends .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings . He always gives me a nice hug after I return from the office .
My favourite sport is football . It is a complete sport ; there are aggression , mentality and fun .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
Richard .
However , I can always recover my energy after having a nice little chat with my family or friends .
It is the most popular place that people want to go to .
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
Take care and do n't let it get you down !
Family members are the people who will accompany us throughout our whole lives .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Last week I worked most the of time with the manager of The Kooks .
Planes , trains , and boats are the ways to travel .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
With the development of technology , people will use other means of transport .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter for discussion .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
In fact , since the beginning , the written rules have helped to create civilizations , while the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
How does the town try to keep the area clean :
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
The school day was very long because Anna was always thinking about the sad morning .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
Living alone , I have to manage money well .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazzi who are trying to find out more about their private life .
Go to sports centres and gyms , be active and you will feel different .
I think in the future public transport wo n't exist because we will drive our own car .
As per our meeting , we will be waiting for your input regarding the following points :
She heard heavy footsteps on the stairs and buried her head deeper in the pillow .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name on it .
What do you think I should do ?
Also , the imperfection in formulation of the specified article is stressed .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
That is our responsibility to future generations .
This information could help the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
Nevertheless , the ability to identify one 's limits can be best learned from experience .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasant for me and also for many people , especially when you have different kinds of singing birds like canaries or finches .
It was difficult to tell .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students ' results this year .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a private parking lot .
There Alice will start an adventure where she must slay the evil Red Queen and restore the White Queen to power .
Bodyweight categories are different for women and men .
No change ; no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the same topic of breaking - up , but they describe this topic from different points of view , even though the three songs are performed by female singers .
She dreamt of being his wife .
Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
You need to have skill to play it .
I hope I can forget her .
I enjoy participating in debates .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
One can choose between organic and low - fat products , some of which are produced far from our shores .
In order to reduce energy consumption , we should arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in the daytime .
Also , looking at a screen is tiring for your eyes and if your eyes get too tired they can get damaged forever .
Write soon !
I pack my backpack , pick up my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure I have n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I have only one question .
They listen to music and we sing .
These are my friend 's hobbies .
It was slightly open .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off them .
Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
On the one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality time as they can learn about the most varied subjects from the comfort of their homes .
The first reason is none other than the generation gap .
Wide eyes , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Last week , a friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
The fare for a metro train is almost equal to the other means of transport .
There are many shops around the town . For example , we have one where children can make teddy bears while the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
Although I do n't play really well , I would choose it over any other sport , any day .
That could have disastrous implications .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
It is very serious and hard to solve , because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and be able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
It is a very distinctive place because of its size , its appearance and its atmosphere .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
He arrived at the company as quickly as the crowded London streets allowed him .
For example , travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faster .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
I picked up the phone .
This can only be explained by the fact that he is a good boy and she was ( probably ) confused .
Finally , none will argue about the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not exclude public transportation .
When you travel by bus , you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
Kinga .
Good luck !
The company likes to produce new products and uses high salaries to hire great talent .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
Your journey lasts about 40 minutes and you have to get off at the station called Brighton and I will be there !
But in spite of this , a lot of people have a dream about owning a car .
Besides , the attractive storyline has a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
I did a one - week internship in a restaurant in my village .
" He 's dead . " she said , as if she was whispering .
The statue of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore , I consider myself as having good knowledge of children 's behaviour , which might be useful for the summer camp .
Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brothers our enemies without any reason .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
I have been following series of football events in the world at large .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recreational facilities .
The members follow you , and you can rely on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
New bridges have enriched the town .
Even though widely recognised for his impeccable ethical standards , he hides a drastic change in his personal circumstances .
I prefer being alone to living with them .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
Almost a week into the Puerquitour .
I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
What training do you offer ?
It was very dark .
It means to ' suffer with ' .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
Last but not least , the price is good , especially considering the quality of food and service .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can do nearly everything we want to .
Using public transport means helping to protect the Earth from air pollution .
But we , ordinary people , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to type things , print things , design things , make games and to do much more ...
First of all , once you arrive , you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camps .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
She , without any hesitation , had gone through the gate .
From this experience , I learn that I should not just remember facts , but should try my best to understand ideas and concept .
Unlock the door to a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
I am so sorry to delay your visit , which was planned months ago , but as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
I really want to visit you .
I really think I would be the right person for this .
Besides historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
One day , I will be like him .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , in the case of Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
Consequently , these participants give us some keys to understand the situation better , but actually they just confirm what the girl feels .
We do still raise some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
The current situation
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
From an overall perspective , it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and went to work .
In my opinion , in future people wo n't use public transport .
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country .
Like many other Asian countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personal development .
Susana .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise at what I saw .
He was able to reach the South by a connecting flight from Rome .
Since exhaust fumes are considered to be one of the major pollutants nowadays , the local authorities are doing everything in their power in order to encourage citizens to travel more by means of public transport , to the detriment of the ubiquitous private cars .
Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over their heads .
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
She was sure about that .
Deirdre
I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
Ann .
A single car will not be enough for a family .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relations between our countries .
On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
A person who I admire
Dear Sir or Madam
My parents took me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
The story is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a school .
However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
There must be something very special about a movie when , after the third time , you 're still leaving the cinema thinking " I have to see it again " .
After the Second World War , they improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
These factors make angels more like grotesque psychopathic assassins .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford to travel and their only entertainment is watching TV .
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
Regards ,
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable minds are a reference to their hobbies - reading .
By the way , I 'm sending the film r with this letter .
I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
The electronic devices will undergo the most obvious changes .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
He 'll be in front of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier than we open the doors .
Thanks again for the lovely experience !
The people in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
It 's all so easy and useful . For example , you can order a pizza to be delivered to your home .
She took the bus and went to the office .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and with time it has become part of American culture .
I am a serious fan of the environment .
Kiev , Ukraine .
In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , but can also be a time - wasting activity .
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
This is a normal phenomenon in Taiwan . However , the police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
To make matters even better , there was some music playing a few metres ahead , which contributed to livening up the spirits of everyone present there .
My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never give up and always keep playing till the last minute .
Why do you have to exercise ?
Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphics and paintings .
A few hours later , he was walking past a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he had ever seen , so he picked them up .
He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to get rid of his burden , but it was far too late .
They have to learn the skills that a job involves and the only way to get this is by practicing .
I do n't want to be a part of your life , because if you act like that without knowing me , then you do not deserve my attention .
To USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
Hong Kong is also famous for its heavy traffic , which implies the problem of traffic congestion .
The Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most well - known historical place in Vietnam .
Maurizio
I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
I was just selling tickets .
He knew that soon he would have to face his most powerful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
If this will also be the case in our future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
Tanta will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourist destination in the future .
God , save us from evil .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
The end of the story comes when Diesel gets cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwayne came and shot Jason with a machine gun .
That 's why I agree that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Pontevedra is going greener .
Moreover , from my point of view , children need to focus their attention on constant activity . My sense of humour and creativity allow me to change activities quickly in order to keep their attention .
In order to obtain maximum benefit from this , it will be helpful if we give away product samples .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
How to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
It was a note .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful views , such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
Hi ! My name is Ester . I was born in Danderyd and
I am looking for an organizational development course .
Another thing is that I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
In JavaScript I have some experience but not of the necessary quality that is required for such a position , I think .
The two green areas in the north - west and south - east corners had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
Then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks .
I think that a group of overseas students must see it .
As a child who did not play with " boys ' toys " and identified as gay later , I was often subjected to disdain and hostility from peers and adults .
A shopping centre has many disadvantages .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago there was heavy rain .
We stick to the principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
That is the reason why I love running so much .
Finding a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
Not only do I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I will have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
To maintain the only earth we live on is now the major issue for us nowadays .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whether to go home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two carp leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
I felt really afraid because I was not good at running .
Public transport may take more time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience with professional music equipment .
I live in New Eltham .
Later on , he got a great score in his test .
I 'm keen on individual disciplines .
As this may cause us to lose traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyone .
The culturally literate person is able to talk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , while the culturally illiterate person fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of , we need to make a lot of things better .
The most well - known shopping centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
In addition , there are many souvenir sellers , so you could buy something .
I am writing to apply for the job in the USA published in an advertisement last Monday .
I speak both English and French well and I 'll be free all summer until the end of October because I 've just finished high school .
Date : July 26 , 2015
Limiting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the society crimes is inhumane .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
I assure you you 'll have a good time in my country .
On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
She has always looked for perfection .
Often considered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably good tackler for a forward .
But all these are addressed through writing .
I do n't think you follow the American news .
There were a lot of visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help with communication .
It was a winter 's night .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all types .
The hottest issue nowadays is global warming .
It will be awesome !
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our atmosphere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central body ,
Yours Sincerely ,
If everyone demonstrated a better attitude , it would be possible to improve our environment .
In the near future , this fact will be seriously taken into account by governments .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
It is awful if you do not have private transport .
The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
To summarize , if you expose yourself on television you will not have a private life .
It was too hot there .
It is true in a way . The development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads . But at what cost ?
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney World .
You jump off a bridge and you fall and fall , and then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you back .
Karen
Refresh your soul by getting involved in their special moments and get ready to make a change in your own life .
I think that is not a problem of awareness .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
Man has evolved over the years , from the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
When we arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest started .
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .
But why would the goods be cheaper ?
In the Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to ward off Evil .
It 's a way to deal with the external world .
Tears ran down Rachel 's face .
It starts with drumming and singing by young girls from the community .
By looking after children between the ages of 8 and 12 , I can learn new skills that will be useful in my future with my future kids .
Overall , an average of 5000 dollars per year about ice cream van .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning the school library .
In addition , field trips are an important part of our school activities .
Recently I listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
Gnadenthal is a very small village consisting of almost only one single drivable road , which is not famous for its size , though .
It 's just near your house or your office .
Thanks to that , it can expand or contract .
In the television commercial , the narrator tells the audiences to download the Trivago mobile application to their mobile phone .
So , if you want a bike , to get around easily , you have to get a card which allows you access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In contrast , vacation / leisure and misc decreased over the same period of time .
The queue you are standing in always seems to be the longest .
In other words , some professors , when teaching different topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited over time .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country . He is Sergey Bezrukov .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Yours sincerely ,
Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste without being heavily fined .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describes the history of our country .
In order to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know the new trends in UI
In all cases , the treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient use of resources .
I love young children .
My colleagues are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them .
To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people learn at least one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
My CV , which is enclosed , includes additional information on my experience and skills .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
If you are a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
He has given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginning singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really suits us .
My parents ' names are Susanna and Peder .
It 's impossible to stop science .
I worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
So , give it a shot and you will realize it is one of the most amazing activities you can ever do .
Yep , it 's our weather .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
I did a Master 's in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
You need motivation to believe in yourself , that you can achieve it .
When I found out I would be teaching at the most remote high school in Ozamiz , I said I was very unfortunate , and when I found out I would be spending my days in the mountains , I said my life would be miserable .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
Also , the television programmes that they watch are reality shows .
When we were in Thailand , we saw many different animals ; everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
You 're always like this .
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
One of my other big hobbies is photography .
They definitely had different ideas of poverty .
On the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
My Favourite Sport - Football .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older . He is 17 years old .
One of his interesting films is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 and 2000 .
How should I start ? Should I start by speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
In my opinion , the government should take care of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
This is good , because sales never went down .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers took me with them to the club and I enjoyed it when I watched them .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools one down and makes one feel less tired during one 's time running .
A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
So , it is better to use public transport .
Why ?
Technology wo n't have been advanced enough by that time .
My babysitting duties were to put the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with them and read to them .
You may like this .
To me , he is greater than any rock star squared .
So , I think that they must have known about the consequences and should just live as they like .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
On top of all of that , he keeps asking why I have changed with him !
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
I have just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer camps .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
It makes my every journey unpleasant and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
Nowadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever have imagined .
What a fine day !
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
This got me thinking . How do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
At the beginning , this was a very controversial decision .
The end .
We three could n't sing together or make fun of Kim Kardashian .
Quite often there is not enough air in the shopping centre and , as the result , you can get a headache or just feel bored .
The background music in the advertisement is relaxed and excite .
I love MASTERCHEF .
People are living their lives in a way that we would consider more than shocking .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
My favourite way to travel is most definitely by plane .
I agree with the given statement .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
I 've been waiting for your e - mail for two days !
Also , you meet a lot of people while you do sport .
He had great talent , but no one understood his creative mind .
Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
You can walk through the same streets and enter the same shops the Romans entered some centuries ago !
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
Would you like me to help you ?
Hi Daniel ,
A dog 's personality is one of its best qualities .
If you were hungry , there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants .
For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Historical Museum of The History and Culture of Jewish People .
It 's great to hear from you !
Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just has to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
These are the proofs that television can also educate .
I thought I was dreaming at first .
What happens in the future will be decided by what happens now .
Before they start school , they have to finish preschool .
To sum up , I really recommend you to see it . You 'll love it .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Write soon .
This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
I forgot to prepare extra materials for fast finishers .
Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
Is that how they want to start college ?
I have read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winter , and that the weather might make transportation a pain .
Let me also tell you something about traditional Dutch meals .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
She went with me and we talk about everything !
The work was done and Michael was proud because everything was done by him .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasing day by day .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , who is one of my favourite actresses .
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
Two of the principal reasons for this are as follows .
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
You will be able to see ancient and modern buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civic buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
I hope you can take down the photos of the cat being abused and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
The narrator directly indicates the functions of the mobile application .
We have a lot of nice old towns .
Hi Ben
The complexities of swimming are not only for the body workout but above all for the mind .
We have seen a great drop in the amount of solid waste .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
Grandparents are the best .
He took his backpack and ran really fast to school .
Furthermore , I watch NBA matches on TV every day .
We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
The robot will be able to do things like cooking , fetching , washing clothes and dishes and cleaning the house .
His eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize her .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each of us .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
Secondly , it is very original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
His neighbour is a young woman ( Jennifer Lawrence ) who has been widowed for 2 years .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
This man was his father , who was dead .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
The purpose of this report is to suggest ways which will contribute to increasing the number of foreign learners in the school and to make recommendations for future improvements .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
And it is true .
We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
They are not even allowed to have anything for their own .
In fact , I was ill all the time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my room !
I must say , he is much more handsome live than on the TV .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something that is becoming more frequent every day .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
How are you ?
They think that a famous person has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties or worries .
It helps people to keep on track in their schedule .
Is n't it incredible ?
Let me in .
After tonight , I left the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . I have to spend a lot of time finishing everything before I start studying .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirtatious he is . '
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualifications .
She went to school very disappointed .
It was really enjoyable and fun .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
The second piece of advice is that you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
culture .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .
They worked all day long , without rest , until they were breathless and their hands were bleeding .
He had just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for the whole flight .
I like it very much .
This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a story about crime and passion .
The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
Additionally , the living costs are quite affordable .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
In the first place , it seems to me that it is really important , both for children and parents to communicate in order to organize their lives , taking into account the changing schedules .
The lighting in shops is unpleasant .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I think that the love story is included to explain the sinking better .
Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose in the end .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , comedy and action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
We could go shopping in the city centre . They have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy , even a Primark and I haven't seen any shops anywhere else yet .
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 'd been dreaming of for a long time .
If you ca n't go with me , I think we could go out some nights .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
However , teachers run the risk of losing their responsibility there , and students can lose their educational way looking on the phones as a means of entertainment instead of as a way to make education enjoyable and effective , as you say in one of your paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively using their phones under their desk " .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue to think it is very dangerous .
According to the reality , a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
I 'm also very good at sports . I practise track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
Then he saw the driver was lying dead in his chair .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
What if it breaks me down ?
When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
I went to London in the summer .
Scholars could only enter by a small gate from the side .
However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
Mass - market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are available there .
As a result , the Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditional ethnic lines .
Moreover , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cacti .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city for further study .
The baby 's inborn capacity for imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
Good morning ,
When you are travelling with a big company , it is the best decision to travel by bus .
It helps the audience to better recall the advertisement and store it in long - term memory .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can play with a lot of people , eleven people to be precise .
I am looking forward to this .
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
In the evening , when all the day trippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars re - open .
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
There is a four hundred metre distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you have got .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book in my free time , because I prefer stories to short articles .
Through the development of tourism cruises and train vacations were born .
When they were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated . Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , and that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses were separated too .
The young man dropped the backpack quickly and tried to run away .
How could this have happened to him ?
Shopping without purchasing anything tends to be exhausting .
Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .
Who would want to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather . Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
Travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
First , on a plane , I can get to my destination much faster .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I have been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where recently I was asked to carry on as an instructor .
Forgive me .
She had even got a boyfriend , Michael .
" Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards .
All my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the exams
The traffic jams become more and more serious .
I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of those happy people with their arms in the air who were standing under the stage .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put onto the list of the heritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
Working in the kitchens means doing all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
Buying a good bike is the first to do when you start to cycle .
There are various opinions about how foods play an essential role in our lifestyle .
This is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely on .
If we live well , we will be more careful with the world .
One of the most important experiences , I think , was coming to study in Tijuana .
There is a parking meter system , which is not very cheap , compared to the shopping mall parking , and it can be difficult to find parking nearby .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
A car is less expensive , more comfortable , faster and safer .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
Since I was seven years old I have been on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care of .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , such as the quality of the education system not only interests with mixed education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
My only objection is that it sometimes went too far , which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need it .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim people , so it is recommended to choose the right ones .
Actually , my family is huge so I can cook large amounts of food with my own recipes which are tasty and quick in order to feed all the kids in a trice .
While walking , I paid all my attention to carrying the box .
By doing this , we can gain a bird 's eye view without much effort .
I ran to the outdoor toys section and I picked the skates I liked .
cla '
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
I would choose a job with satisfaction .
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than tell you that I always wanted to work with children ,
All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by email at any time .
Recovering is a hard and complicated process and when you add a pregnancy to this equation it just makes it even more painful .
As far as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
Then , after you get off the train , you again have to find your way to your destination by either walking or using another mode of transport .
In magazines , they tell us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
First , you have a varied menu and the service in this place is wonderful .
When you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
When you get the answer or solution , you can see that all the effort was worthwhile .
Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
It may also be because , as people are getting richer , they do n't need to use public transport as a more comfortable option is always there waiting for them .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
Since for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in American society .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael was walking beside a beautiful lake .
The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
I would recommend 30 mins per day , to get the most out of this activity : it does n't take up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
Symba is the main character .
As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you throw litter on the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
Her intelligence at a young age was a problem for her teacher , Miss Caroline , because she had never had such a well - educated pupil before .
However , modern music is not always acceptable to different people .
I do n't want to study , but there is no way out .
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly covers the amount invested .
What is more , celebrities , like ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationships with others .
- Can you show me some of them ?
She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know a lot of young people .
Then , this is the spot where all - nation celebrations take place , like civil and military parades or seeing the New Year in !
The key reason why the used clothes industry expanded is " kimono " .
Underground car parks are built in many towns , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and optimism and strengthened my immune system .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
It was as if a huge storm was coming .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price for the visiting team .
To sum up , I think television is very good value for money . The point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practise these kinds of activities .
l like to go to the beach with my friend or alone often .
Yours faithfully ,
It 's so nice to hear from you and I 'm so happy that you are coming to Egypt this summer .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after taking part in the School Aquathon and saw others improve and not just me .
Yours faithfully ,
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
Between Norway and Finland .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
People use public transport . Also , people need to move for all the city .
Every house in the village has three containers :
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
I may have not perfectly carried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my one - year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
It is good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
But truth was that she was jealous .
Mix the butter , eggs and vanilla .
Hello Julia ,
Technology does not imply a new instrument being taught but a new tool and source of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
First of all , let me introduce myself .
To sum up , I would like to work with you , and I can promise you will not regret it . I hope to hear from you soon .
One of the most important reasons is precisely to take care of the environment .
People who signed the website were colluding with foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
As we know , in all cities , a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
They also have families , they also sleep , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like they are aliens .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
He was surprised by the poor quality of the air when walking around .
Furthermore , in the building of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
I was born on July 25th 2003 .
The underground , trains and buses . These means of transport are cheap , so it helps the poor to save some money .
His attention to detail appeared to be trustworthy and correct , and normally his attention to detail is not something that is challenged , because of how reliable he is .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
Rachel and Monica have lived together since Rachel left her fiance at the altar .
Take the best care .
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hong Kong .
I hope my advice will be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
In my country , people go to work in their own cars .
Local transportation is one of the most serious problems in our area .
They think that this group of people just has a better life and things go very well .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
Dear Sir ,
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
An example of an intervention in airway management is the ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma was using .
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
We can see the future of transportation by comparing the numbers of cars and buses .
Yours respectfully ,
On the days that we have to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we have to do them in the gym .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
I 'm happy for you !
Although Brazilians have a shorter personal space in comparison with the United States , they are not tolerant of strangers invading it .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
1 .
The girl is 18 years old and the men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they are over 100 years old .
Is it possible to hold the meeting this week ?
Thus , states should make it possible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety level .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends .
Although traffic jams , accidents etc .. .
The last documentary I saw was a documentary by National Geographic called Ocean .
I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
Lots of people think that teenagers are stupid , have little knowledge about life , do not have enough experience , are annoying , difficult to understand .
For example , if we completely rely on using cars it is going to increase the use of gasoline .
I am writing to apply for a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
First of all , I met a lot of people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis right now !
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
The professor counters this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
Louis told them that it was related to an instrument to explore new places .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
This experience has been an eye - opener for me .
Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
At the beginning , I did n't want to talk with him but , on second thoughts , all people deserve a second chance .
He did n't realize that she was going to leave him for ever .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish by throwing it into the water .
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , on the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
If you just learn how to keep control of your body when standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
I am free for the job from the 20th of May until the 15th of September .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keeping on looking for it in another place .
Their expectations will be considered useless .
We sit around together and talk about where they live .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
The topics can be easily focused on if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
But , I fortunately made it .
Nothing was distracting his attention .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
To start with , you must decide what kind of shopping you prefer and how much money you have .
For this reason , I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have too much to do !
One year is not a long time .
It was a strange atmosphere in the house and a chill went down her spine .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kinds of boats .
Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involve no climbing at all .
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle than in the past .
The council collects , once a week , door to door , paper and organic waste .
Best regards .
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
Suddenly , I thought my gift was gone . The students said they did n't take it , but I doubted them , so we quarrelled .
I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
It was crazy .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean off their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean off graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new graffiti .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well .
In fact , when I was sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
Having lived in four different cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have become more adaptable to new environments and keen to accept new challenges .
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
Is everything OK with your family ?
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
Our company is a small and based company which has worked in the same field for almost 50 years .
This innovative center has a lot of first - class facilities for young people .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impress with interesting design ideas and unique styles .
Renée Kwakkenbos
As soon as the professor entered the classroom , he was surprised to see that it was completely full .
If I do that , now the day is one of my best days . It 's a managed day for me .
My name is Anna . I am one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find negative feelings inside the family , like envy , refuse or hate .
Hence , I conclude that television entertains as well as educates .
So there was nothing else to do but stay in the same place and wait for someone to help me .
This will help them as a way to study or revise for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I need something .
Some people believe , however , that community service orders are more appropriate in some cases .
Many people think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
That exciting news opens up a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
When he was escaping from the prison , he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie .
Finally , you can enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other cities or other countries .
The fact is , he is not the same man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem through various activities .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
It is generally accepted that television provides us with by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn on ice in one month .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the case .
I think I 'm an energetic person that likes all the types of sports and activities , but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I am also very cheerful and energetic , and am very good at organising fun activities .
For instance , in New York , the subway system includes 232 miles of routes .
It should make a lot of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately that he had planned two weeks ago .
The shopkeeper nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at the end of the shop .
The expansion of public transport is one of the keys to saving the planet , especially if the energy source used comes from clean sources .
Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
It lowers our blood pressure and releases our stress .
Only after driving for a while would I ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
I come from Ninh Binh province .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual lives and the global environment .
I hate my job .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
Experiments carried out with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
The way I see it is that I learned to use cohesion in a correct way , which makes the paragraphs that I write more clear .
Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
Conclusion
I hope that my fortitude will help me during this short sojourn .
It was a foggy January morning and I had gone to renew my pilot 's licence .
While background color and artwork are thoroughly considered , security issues are one thing that we can not overlook either .
If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always get nervous .
4- Transport will be more economical than private cars .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Michael thought that it was time to do something .
It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship between organizational culture and performance .
It is estimated that 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be exposed to water stress due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
We are , however , conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today . It is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing wealth of local communities .
It would be perfect if they served alcohol as well and they told me that they are in talks with the building management to do so .
However , only a few students , just five or six , had followed his course and , recently , only two of them had been present .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities , private cars are more attractive for most people .
How are you ? I hope you are well .
It is known that the Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is more likely to be considered .
However , a lot of them ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all teams require a tall player ) and so on .
Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
Our earth is getting sick as days go by .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient in the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
I want to do this course , because it will help me to enlarge my vocabulary .
The town has 100,000 inhabitants .
What I can say is that I have been learning English since I was twelve , and it has been a pleasure from the start .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
Moreover , they think that controlling pollution is possible .
I found out that the leaders of this organization were not realizing the beliefs and principles they were imparting to the public .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Also , it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of Yeltsin 's were not out of the attention in US media sources .
At the end of the video , the screen shows a tagline and the website of Trivago .
There is no more school and you can go to sleep late and wake up late .
Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and claim it 's theirs .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
My CV is enclosed .
I got used to it .
It is true that water sports are not the most usual there , but , I enjoy doing them every summer at the beach .
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
John
Although the size of the average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium - sized village shop , there has been improvement there as well !
" says a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school ,
India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
These are all basic exercises and they will help you make a good start .
-Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
He was really confused because he thought he was dead .
Nowadays , public transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on the other side of the city .
She has been an important person to me since I was 8 .
If you talk to a friend who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
In your advertisement you mention working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dishes were like a taste of the real Japan .
Yours faithfully
I can go to Paris for a long weekend , for example .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really socialize with children .
I felt that I could lose consciousness . That 's why I removed the bracelet .
At the end of the meeting , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Are you a real team player ?
As far as she knew , she would find out that she was right .
He would deal with temporarily disabled people who came for a rehabilitation session every other day .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born in the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
I strongly disagree that they are not experienced .
We will go on being friends .
I really love that beach .
In contrast , the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the ideas of freedom , fraternity and equality , so these concepts also strongly influenced the poetry of the period .
In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomena .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed .
He told me to play sports every day .
Finally , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transport is the train .
Yours faithfully ,
Televison not only provides entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the events around the globe .
Nobody ever heard any arguing .
Recently , things have been disappearing from our homes .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
My nephew had courage after his mother talked to him .
Once you accept that your sibling , although similar , is n't the same as you , or that your child has a different view on their future , it 's easier to embrace the differences and be a supportive family member .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
Currently , I am in Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
I love my city and I love to travel , try new things , socialize and experience new cultures .
I have already checked my family name with student services last Friday , 20 November .
My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
Also , the ticket price is not cheap .
Under these circumstances , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buy a car .
So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa for Korea .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access , which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
I 'm from Brazil .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
The script is a faithful translation of the original text and the plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
I live in Serdobsk .
More accurate surgery , emotional bonding and an increase in communication are examples of positive consequences .
Michael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear the new one that he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement of the careers of Brazilian professionals .
Irritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Agatha without Michael to tell her another important thing .
I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
Do you remember ?
Dogs and cats are called " furkids " not only because their bodies are covered with fur , but also because their owners regard their pets as kids .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing was boring and getting 1 dollar was small .
They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
I hope you find the answers to your question in my letter .
Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into force .
I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
In today 's technological world , this knowledge can only help them in the future .
It needs to utilise some strategies to increase its brand awareness and the information about its services for its customers in order to achieve the promotional objectives .
She felt blessed as she had been given such a perfect son .
Sometimes we are with people that we love .
New teaching approaches
The atmosphere is very friendly .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
In some cases , it may be true that branded products are better than no - names . For example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
The aim of this report , is to show how my town takes care of the environment .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
And meet new people !
I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
It wo n't have a swimming pool , but it will have a barbecue .
Of course ,
In some cities there are n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
We need to talk ' it said .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
Thanks so much for your last letter .
This sport has a lot of types of match which you can play .
People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
The number of people in the world is continually increasing .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils ' motivation into consideration , we have decided that they can follow their interests on this course .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
Mia could n't accept it when someone behaved badly .
English has also been my favorite language since I was a child . I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I have continued improving my English by watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
This part - time job gives me a learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspects of my career .
I appreciate him a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
Nowadays , it is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job can actually become .
She was a machinist , and was currently working on some secret work he could n't understand .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in very different ways .
Another option :
It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
The housing situation for young people in my country
On the one hand , this sport is good for my health . I keep fit .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
I saw your advertisement looking for a children 's monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
Until now , all had been normal in his life .
Would you be so kind as to let me know if there are some restaurants or pubs that need staff ?
In addition , as a mother of 8-and-12-year - old boys , I have a vast knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .
I am writing to You in connection with your request for information about an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
It 's too early to talk about love at this age .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving through cities .
Also , may I have information on which version of the IELTS exam I should take ; the Academic or the General Version ?
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when the ground is nice and soft and the air is fresh .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2 ( The Twilight Saga ) .
It was a really busy and difficult period for her because her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something new in the field of art .
As we 've seen , these days , the number of cars is increasing so much every year .
I am not a fluent speaker of English but I hope that I will be one day .
Above all , car travel is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation to a fading future .
It 's not convenient .
The advantages might include that it has a low price and might rescue you if your car is not working .
How could I cut the rope ?
Tom had a series of things he had to do for his friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he could .
This is because something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
You must remember that money is very important to your decision .
In 2000 ,
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
Third , implementing several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , could make our page more useful .
I have always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to write and to love .
Our interaction with human beings has been pathetically reduced .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
Everything was organized .
Then , we got out of our car and saved Niall , then we fought with " Golem " and came back home .
When you get to the highest tower , you will see the most breathtaking view .
I think we want to have equal rights for both .
Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
Your qualifications are not satisfactory . You must be UK Or USA educated .
I really hope my students feel the same , otherwise I have to change my attitude ! I get paid for being a teacher and ,
Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours , when there are so many cars on the road .
He gasped and tried to scream , but it was too late to run .
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
They told her that she had to bring $ 100,000 so they could do the surgery on her brother .
That is exactly what happened to me .
It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
I am really hardworking and love kids . I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
He grabbed the body and put it in the car 's trunk .
To : summercamps@bt.com
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network , Tuenti , and I liked passing all the time chatting .
Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
Best regards ,
The next day , me and my best friend went to go bowling and play billiards while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
Because I love talking to people and spending time with them and that job gave me that opportunity .
She could have got married to a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Family is one , and we do n't know when we could lose them .
Sport is a part of men . I should not bypass this issue .
The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans . Unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
There we can eat typical Italian food .
Finally , your bravery can be increased after watching this film .
First of all , public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
This film stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
It was an amazing event !
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
The never - been - noticed girl , Celine .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
What about the train then ?
Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . She could almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
Right after getting off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view to satisfying her long wait for him .
I have my cousin 's wedding next month too , so I am very excited .
His insane evil mind did n't go away until he reached his flat .
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dreamt of travelling everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .
Being normal gets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
The 90 minutes is the most enjoyed time of the week though , because of the adrenalin rush that is associated with everything that is done on the pitch .
Harry and Alice are seven and one .
Next we talked about the following question : ' Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yes ' .
So computers help us do that . They help us share our thoughts and feelings with other people easily .
Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places .
Here your adventure starts .
Therefore , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
We can make good use of time with TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
Different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
Nevertheless , people try to save money by every conceivable means .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
I followed their recommendations and I totally changed my thinking .
I practised dance a long time ago , but with age , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
First , I want to say that people 's lives will change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
It is since that day that I have tried to skate as much as possible and I love every moment of it .
I 'm a 17-year - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful and hard working .
These are near to France and Andorra .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Great debaters have to believe in their idea .
I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
- Why are you in such a hurry ?
I think it is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
I got cold feet . I could n't understand what was happening .
A lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then leaving it in any part of the city in a dedicated car park .
My favourite sport is running .
Almost every family has a car now .
We have to fix it all again .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
In addition to this , the night was beautifully organised and each performance was professionally executed .
Of course , he did not think twice and went to print out his CV because the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
My coach was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
Therefore , it is likely that public transport will no longer exist in the future .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and , at the same time , has achieved good results in the past three years .
Also , you can be understood by other cultures .
Secondly , farming has also contributed to migration .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active , so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
I would like to look at this sport from different perspectives .
Abandoned by his friends .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
I call this mistake " Du " .
In this essay , these concerns are studied carefully .
about what young people are interested in today .
If you must go a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
In your last email you told me about your lack of time for enjoying your hobbies .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his window .
And where would I put my wine collection ? I would rather work as a porter than live in a 20-room house " .
I 'm glad you moved . I haven't got round to finding time to spend with you .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who know how to adapt to all the different situations they could be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
I really want you to be happy with your new life .
I stayed with a local family , which happened to be the family of the person that stayed with me when he took part in the same programme .
We can see that people become famous when they die , so , journalists are instrumental in creating a negative or positive opinion of that person .
But the situation is completely different now !
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences on the nature of the student population attending universities and how this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issues .
One day , I had a surprise . I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team .
Recent studies found that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient when combining a bike with a train .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
In fact , she was still cringing at that ugly thought .
My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
Maybe they could not avoid the seven - year itch .
First of all , friends are important for us . We want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the way you run , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistance that your body needs , for example .
If it is a bad sheet , the procedure is disposal -- bad sheets and bank notes should be securely destroyed .
The other person was n't convinced , however .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
Regards ,
Everyone is curious about making bank notes .
For these kinds of people , it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be discussed in public .
Despite this , the restaurant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hung up on the walls .
Firstly , art is the expression of human creative skills and imagination , typically in a visual form .
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
Mirko .
My cousin , who is studying English Literature , told me that you have much more freedom when you start university , so do n't worry !
It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important basis of any society and it should be accessible to all people .
Women do not know their importance for the future in their own homes .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Last year , the mayor changed the old buses for new buses without increasing the prices .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
I looked at the plane and realized I had forgotten to tie the parachute cord to the plane .
Once I have enough money , I will make my dream vacations come true .
My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
Mass communication technology has made it easier than ever to connect with people .
Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter , but this does n't stop me .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she has been Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
Commercial advertising can be traced as far back as Ancient Greece .
Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
My favourite sport is football .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
One other place to visit in summer is the Pantanal .
With firm determination , they can continue their education and work to feed their family as well .
Simply by thinking of a specific location , we could go there in a split second .
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , not just your mother tongue .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to practise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum like other famous people from that war .
One night , having ended a meeting with an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pub with one of his colleagues in order to celebrate the successful meeting .
Dear USA summer camps ,
Progress and traditions are not opposites in a society where respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
I can say that this coach is an experienced person .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying a high level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , activities , going abroad during their life .
I guess what goes around comes around !
I look forward to reading more articles about this subject .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
It was something new to me and that 's why it attracted me so much .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
I just hate it .
I have 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
which is an inseparable part of this kind of occupation .
Personally , I prefer to have a clean street .
The first question is where our homes will be located .
The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
Europe needs bright young people with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better future for themselves and for their children .
I remember when I was a kid the only thing I used the phone for was to call my friends to play on the street .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you have known how to do it since you were a child .
Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think of them as friends .
The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
It must be Interesting that the development of transport even fits the times .
In the workplace I 'm a responsible person , I am never late .
We worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
Where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I could become really good like other players .
Another advantage of cars is the fact that they are family friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't have to worry about travelling with strangers who might be dangerous .
Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incredible and colorful . It also has the main characters in it .
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
Do n't forget to write soon .
Are people born violent or do they become violent because of how they are brought up ?
I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
Its atmosphere is that of an old Buddhist temple situated on a mountain somewhere in Japan .
On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
I am writing to you to apply for a position advertised recently .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which it can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
Yes just running .
I hope you are well .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Taking part in the camp was wonderful because I helped with planning the activities .
This hobby gives me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural environment can be balanced .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues .
The public transport is unsafe because of an increase in thefts and the kidnapping of users .
Likewise , the skateboard users brought a lot of garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours resting .
Who knows ...
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
To stop the change is impossible . That would be against nature and against ourselves .
Take care , hope to hear from you soon
After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank note printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
This study project will be developed by studying :
Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and have a great time with your group .
Thanks for everything and I want my money back if I do not get my cpu .
Last summer , I worked with children aged 10 years old for a month and I organised some activities on the beach , such as football games and gym classes .
Although the medical skills are getting better , the percentage of people who get cancer is still increasing .
If we speak about TV programs , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russian serials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watch too many serials and waste a lot of their time .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack money , then you will not be able to take pleasure in it .
He uses indirect words , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
I went to a workshop about a light - controlled synthesizer .
However , I can portray a unique relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearted person .
They might not be a good idea .
How are you ? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live these days .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
But when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV with my friends than fritter away time sitting alone in front of the computer !
Most of them are able to .
This idea is more than brilliant !
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford them .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player in the world . I 'm also not .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
Moreover , other costs will act upon the cost of travelling by private vehicle .
It makes me feel that it was a strange dream .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
It arouses in me a feeling of nausea .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
As well as being hard working and methodical , I am organized .
Talk to you soon ,
It might be such a frustrating sensation that you might not want to go back again .
You must never surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardless of the score .
I used to travel on buses .
During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury accessories from the most well - known companies .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
How are you doing ?
For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people along the Yellow River .
My town is located along the middle coast of Vietnam .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
Nowadays , due to the current economic crisis , its construction has been stopped until an undetermined date .
Two days before , Peter received a letter from someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming pool ?
A high number of tourists visit Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
The result will be the pollution of the environment .
At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
Environmental awareness has positively affected the younger generations .
The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbish from my town .
These conditions fall into three broad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that make your jaw drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethical principles and , nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
Ann decided that she 'd try on her wedding dress
An individual must be aware of the result of his actions on the environment , be it due to personal or professional actions , in order to maintain it in a healthy state .
If more skateboard users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
We have different cultures here , and two main languages ; Arabic and Amazigh .
Improving my English is the best way to apply for a job .
Although the main reason that prevents me from using them is my colleagues .
In this way , he moved to his new neighbourhood where everybody respected him .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , by listening to and speaking with native English people .
First of all , I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
The world is moving faster and everyone has to be fast enough to compete in this modern world .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
Introduction
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult for me but I finally took this decision because I want to have new experiences .
One day in the post office , I had an argument with a man who studied at the same university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
This restaurant specializes in southeast Asian cuisine and it is called The Chai .
You also need to choose books by your favorite authors .
We will see things happening then which today seem to be impossible .
But it is important to enjoy yourself .
These architecture also represents the culture of China .
However , Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe , but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
In school , my first language was English .
It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
Looking forward to your reply . Please feel free to ask me any questions .
Hi Katie ,
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
so I was handing out leaflets everywhere .
The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community .
Three Suggestions to be a Doctor
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in MacDonald 's or Burger King for a low salary .
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
I feel that he is near to me , that he listens to every word that I pray .
It is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
For instance , every month there is a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
Public transport has its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and more free time and rest for doing anything else during the trip could be public transport 's main positive points .
She was walking around the city thinking about the job she just got .
I have experience of taking care of children .
Somehow , she reverts back to her old ways .
The " 10,000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific basis , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that established it .
Shopping has become a way of life for some people , who see it as a hobby as well as a pleasant activity .
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
Our life - 50 years from now
Sitting at any table , you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsening problem .
The condition of public transport is getting worse day by day .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of this unrealistic convenience we have .
It will be more appropriate for us .
Tom and Molly were classmates at secondary school .
Hello , Alison !
First of all , I should say that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .
That is why I could adapt the phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and this problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
Hi Jane ,
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting them has been made a punishable offence .
While the fire was spreading all over the bedroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
For example , 3 million pounds were given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opera house .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
Travelling by car is convenient but there are disadvantage as well .
Bullying may be defined as the activity of repeated , aggressive behavior intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
She was very shy , sensitive and embarrassed .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
Also , I always loved classical music .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
In contrast , other failed sheets will be destroyed and disposed of with band notes in a secure way .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge , even when you watch movies .
On the one hand , I 'm for progress . On the other hand , I hope that the new will not destroy the old .
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are obliged to fix malfunctions by themselves .
Thank you for giving me the chance to pass on this information as per your request .
Dear Joe
He shouted out for help , but no one was around .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they no longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
The story actually takes place in a camp and a farmhouse , mysteriously
As I see it , you could n't live without music even if you tried .
Similarly , summer vacation gives us more time to do meaningful things .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
The boy had a mother .
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
.
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors originated from the same ethic .
Mr Jascolka
Three trumpet blasts were given to symbolize the start of a play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
As an extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbed version .
For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
They have some paintings by Leonardo da Vinci which really impress me .
After that , she dressed up and went to the kitchen to make breakfast .
If it continues , no resources will be spared for the future generation .
Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , which are slightly raised on the notes .
XYX
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly has been chosen to be the lead woman in our new play .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop near to your home .
What is the meaning of friend ?
There is an interesting observatory too , and what 's more , the best restaurant I have ever been to .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened its door .
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located in the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
In this article both sides are discussed .
This report outlines the benefits and the possible objections .
While on time off from university ,
But this is another theme for speaking .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
However , the plane is the most dangerous way to travel .
In conclusion , the whole process is an unreversed schedule .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis on nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised on the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first - hand knowledge of organising sports and activities .
Alison left the house very scared ; it was a dream .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it s writing unique .
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
It is good and people are nice .
Another reason is that you can listen to the music that you like in your car .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
All of them require further studies to be done and , with that , we could find out the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Most parents have special skills , but these skills may not be suitable for their children .
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding the making of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
I love it when this event happens , so many incredible games going on , the best players in the world , three games per day at the start , and with very good - looking players .
Kindest regards , Melissa
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will uncover for you a new wonderful way of interpreting the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduced into their movies .
And that 's why I find this movie so exciting .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
Obviously , expensive and larger weddings have some benefits .
I am a native Spanish speaker who has a very good level of English and I have also spent 5 years living in the United Kingdom .
I am writing in response to the article about friendship that was published in your magazine .
Yours faithfully ,
The factor that we are talking about is sport .
But if somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just feels good in those clothes .
Just a day before Michael , was arguing with his friends that Rasheed was a very nice guy .
I think the most important things in the family are love and support .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing for people .
The prices are not expensive and the food is very good .
He lives next to his family 's home .
It would be a good idea if taxes were cheaper than the taxes on other things such tobacco , alcohol ....
Everyone should do a sport . When you are doing it , you do n't think about anything else .
I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
There are huge positive effects of eating fast food .
Are you able to arrange activities and local transportation for us ?
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are those character traits that we acknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
To ski well you need to push your body forward .
It is n't difficult and you can start to play .
Yours faithfully ,
Abortion is a controversial issue in our society today .
However , I am not that crazy as to marry a man whom I do not know in real life .
Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
The hell with it !
Kids around these ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easily persuade them .
The day had n't been planned to end with a date night .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
I remember when you told me once you were playing a violin for four hours .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
Kate was attending university to study fashion .
Looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the washing up .
The use of public transport takes more time than using a car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
Petra
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academic facilities as well as sports and social activities .
Next , it will come to the most important step , inspection .
Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
They collect household waste in a dustbin and dispose of it by the proper standard procedure .
I spent two years translating hundreds of essays in different fields for higher education students .
It is a cyclical process .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like him .
April is a very nice month .
For this reason , it is important for them to have a good educative programme on television .
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
It means that travelling by car can even be more dangerous than using public transport .
Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer of tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Even from here , I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
We tried to give her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Then we tried to find help ,
While some people argue that bad human nature is the reason , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence are responsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
Sport is one of the best ways to be healthy and do some exercise .
The first thing she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
Watch this space .
He was really sad because the government was enforcing a law banning new types of food . This had become a huge problem because more Americans were getting diabetes .
Usually I get 12 PLN per hour ( yeah , I know , It 's like 2.50 pounds , but here it 's quite good ) but sometimes I get some extra money for staying after hours or when I do something unusual to help .
That is us - the teachers of Gala .
I felt very happy with this job .
She broke up , but now she is in his hands .
Secondly , although friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments thus far .
Italy is famous for its typical food and rich culture of arts and history .
Many dogs , for example , help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly . These are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
Besides , they say all the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
He also had the chance to know more about the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Brussels suburb .
This could drive someone crazy and make them very miserable .
Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , although pupils do n't notice it .
I always feel very well after coming back from the gym .
Respecting these rules is the first step to understanding them and avoiding some conflicts .
Fuel consumption has increased in a few years .
They have left their comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
Flori .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without it !
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depending on the dot , there are traffic problems and you have to wait a long time at a bus stop .
On the one hand , many argue that younger people should be made ineligible for important government positions , and the implications of this opinion are clear .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
When you are in a space where you feel comfortable being around other people that you do not know , this space is your personal space .
Dear Ann ,
When you do any sport , you have to be confident in yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
When I arrived at home , I started to read the newspaper , so I found out from there that The International Student Magazine have organized a short story competition , and I decided to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
Dear John ,
It gave the impression that only going and coming back in a big car was the main purpose of the trip .
One thing which we can be sure of is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will exist in the future .
Now , there are over 180 members in this organization and the number is increasing .
They always give you what you like to eat .
Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
And on Sunday morning we returned home because the weather was bad .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
Teachers should n't talk about their subjects without caring if their students are really listening to what they 're saying or not , and they should n't let them study just because they must .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
MUx / Px must equal MUy / Py .
I hope you 're fine !
They are really close to their children in terms of feelings and emotional matters .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
My name is Shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
When I got married , things quickly went from bad to worse because I had to work two shifts , at home and the shop .
Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good way to learn about a country , but not the best way anymore .
In this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
There are 6 people in my house .
This results in different views on whether people agree that the best things for improving people 's lives have already taken place .
In the afternoon , the kids enjoyed a multi - dance program that had different international dances .
Through our work , we find an identity , we can find status , intellectual stimulation as well as wealth , which enables us to buy comfort .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
Dear Paul ,
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , the State Historical Museum and the Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
The most important factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowledge among the local people .
Basically , the two rely on the same methods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and water for the boiler ) .
Reflective Writing
Before I came here , I was so dependent on my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Meanwhile , wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitats will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands .
We love doing sleepovers , watching movies and going on holidays together .
Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
He took a deep breath before leaning over her and kissing her forehead softely .
The buildings , dress , and habits of the population are displayed in full detail .
Sometimes , people will do anything for some money .
Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is the total opposite .
I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
Because , after , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
How are you ?
We have Earth first , then people , than our house .
On the other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling in their own vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
Recruitment
This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
What kind of films do you like ?
The focus on children can be found in the huge contribution the Kids Club makes to the daily life in the hotel .
For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
Love from your son :) .
But after Michael read the first letter , and found out that Sophie was a princess , he thought he was just a game for her .
These days , a lot of students are using the internet as a study tool .
Whereas " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warranty expenses of under $ 150 .
Bright future for public transport
Who wants their child to see that ?
It was half past seven and his class had begun fifteen minutes ago .
Drinks are apart from the package .
It was opened about four years ago by two friends who had previously worked at pizza places .
perhaps because there were too many people and also , the more people there are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain power over another person .
Now , I have to wait for an answer from the company .
The cat had to go to the animal home and they had to pay the expenses .
By performing this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this year ( and he also won the gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
The priority for the boys is to survive , and to find a way out of the maze .
But , when our mutual friend introduced her to me , I realized that she was a nice , funny person .
I think that public transport will be used more in the future .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
That 's certainly an important thing for voters to know .
It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their faces .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
Everything about helping at this concert was so exciting .
Tears automatically fell down her face .
On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to quickly and easily find a lot of information about all the topics .
Lima is one of the cities with the least road culture in the world .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
Suddenly , I felt my whole body itching me and mom took me upstairs .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
It is more time efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
Many people still consider television only as a way to relax , be entertained and stop thinking about all the problems that might worry them .
We should n't eat sweets and sugar .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
He taught people from different backgrounds , undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its beauty and its impressive courtyards .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
This can lead to a loss of profits upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
According to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
I 'm convinced he 'd speak his thoughts at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt would slip out .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
fan ) .
I 'm writing as in response to an advertisement for a job in the USA .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa would always be a Polish queen .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
The last movie I watched was House Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thieriot .
Each and every colour glows in the dark giving hope in the darkness .
Although many transport providers are trying to eradicate this problem , it still remains .
I suppose the government have also studied this situation .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
When the night came , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your work .
After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
Sounds perfect to me !
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September onwards .
Dear Emma ,
There is a tradition that the man must n't see
The city authorities have a very strict policy regarding waste disposal .
I am also aware that they are reckless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recommending this type of sport .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane have allowed us the freedom to travel and explore this great planet for a lower price .
I signed up for a women 's football team in my city .
Most of them were not stars when they made it .
The actors ' performances are sublime , and they make you feel afraid throughout the film .
If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Cracow to take home with you .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
Anna knew that was going to be a very special day for her .
Technology will be our best friend .
For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport , although new modes of transport could change this situation .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass , adds more humour to the already self - confident character of Bottom .
I am next to someone who knows what happened to cause the big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows what they are .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
People
Then she would n't be talking about the negative aspects of work because it is work which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and it will really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
There are accounts of a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in his chest .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the shops on offer are mainly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
It might be a cause of concern that all the research done has been under the control of private corporations that deny full access to experiment reports , leaving a cluster of questions without any answer .
After he knew the truth , he moved to London for his job .
In my imagination , the future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but more of us , human beings .
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
Although they want the best for their children , sometimes it is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with video games .
Nowadays , we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
What places you can visit
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
To sum up , I think the future of public transport is just starting up .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
The difference is , the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
All my free time , I work with children and teach them .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than to invoice the service center for not following instructions .
Moreover , it is more appropriate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
The meals are English cuisine and with some European dishes too .
I would love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoy going on camps with friends and family .
There is a lot that you can do ...
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
Later , I had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who did this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at the moment .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
( It is my country place . ) I like it because it is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
The tourist will never be bored and will have a lot of time to visit the city .
Dear Sergio García A ,
Shopping facilities
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more varied offer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
It is very time - wasting and not efficient .
His name was Michael .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
It is the world 's biggest youth cup and is held in Gothenburg in Sweden .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
Faithfully ,
I will keep reading and listening to you .
Trapagaran , environmentally friendly
I have a degree in English and I can speak German and Spanish fluently .
I suggest that everyone should try martial arts .
I am writing to you to apply for the position at a summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
Hello !
His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
I decided to wait and hide in the bushes if I saw someone entering .
Paulina
See you soon ,
Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .
What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
said Eleanor Roosevelt .
No one attacked them again and they lived happily ever after !
Television ca n't give such an opportunity .
Further , continuous rising temperatures are impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
Hi Sara ,
I would like to be part of your staff , so please let me know if I can work with you !
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
I realised there is no time to think much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one press of a button .
I haven't seen you for a long time .
it is time to intervene and take action .
Lucila Marcelo
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
As my departure came closer , I started to ask myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time , all those things .
If you do essential things , you gain time in your life at the same time .
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
The big deal is entertainment , and quality is part of it .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
My parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Last week , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a mini - vacation .
All the rubbish is taken to a huge dump a few kilometres away from the city .
In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worms or anything but hope .
She has done a lot for me in my life .
I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
To begin with , acquiring knowledge in today 's world is not the difficult thing that it was in the past .
The chosen one
All the states in the world have their own league .
The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
We were waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
Now though , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing which is left in the store .
I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant and you never hurt yourself badly .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
I have many references from employers and the parents of the children I teach .
Stela
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
What about looking for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
She was a good person and he was an asshole .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
It is the only time in your life to do that , to be honest .
Impact on local culture
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats for me .
Do you do any sport ?
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
But his name was written in all western nation newspapers as a brave man .
In another job before , I worked 8 hours per day .
I usually go camping with children to the mountains .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
He raised his hand , which was holding a metal bar , covered in blood .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
I like watching it because I can get a lot of information from this programme .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
We went by car and it was about 8 hours long .
For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking forward to your reply .
How far back could it possibly go ?
In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
Dear Jo ,
It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car to using public transport .
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
I mean it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention of leaving him .
I think we all have our own magnificent lives and we should focus on them .
Jogging : the sport in nature
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Nowadays , the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
From the visit , it was concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of students per class .
From this day on , the girls drift apart .
It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , but unfortunately , I had to leave them for school and college .
That was all .
Best wishes ,
I would like to emphasise two options in this essay .
They had no money they could spend on entertainment .
Ala.
I chose this invention that I think helped humanity to communicate more easily .
Marisa
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
What is more , these styles usually tend to abandon classical tendencies , and both rose in response to a new demand in the culture .
Daria
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Yours sincerely ,
But it 's not .
The current system is not sustainable .
It 's a big problem today .
People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Room configurations and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
Thirdly , global warming is a serious problem for humans who live on the earth .
The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
Then comes the preparation of metal plates and that needs skilled machinists .
Love ,
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
In conclusion , traditions should be cherished and kept alive for future generations .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respecting the environment .
I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .
However , they were not .
I was still in pyjamas , so I did n't open the door fast .
Latent fingerprints are commonly found at the scene of a crime .
progress of integrating into their culture .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I like many but the movies I like the most are comedies and action adventure .
My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
Development was also happening at the same time which was good for our town , but , lots of trees were also cut down as a result .
This post will be the first of three on the topic of the Present Simple tense , it contains a printable infographic covering the basics of the Present Simple and two printable worksheets .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large numbers of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
My last job was working as a dealer in a lot of shops .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
Mrs Kate Ashby
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
I am writing to apply for the job you advertised .
Every day they show the news .
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
It is a really good book that should n't be missed .
A good illustration of this would be children .
I like Toulouse very much .
Yours faithfully .
We tried to make everyone have fun .
You can give them the play with gaps to read through and finally get them to perform a number of times without a script .
Soon on your plans : College Film Club
I decided and went .
In the program , one homeless man quit his job because he could not have a good relationship in the office .
Of course , during these events all the world watches them .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
So , I believe that there is no future for public transport .
But I do like him and I loved the course .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you do n't you can cause an accident .
The train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
He made a video of his friend and Mathieu .
Homes in general will be more airy .
First of all , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a green residential city with two forests .
They came from different parts of the world .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
And Michael does n't care what people think about him .
I was beginning to work in a research center for Energy .
Marco Bruno
Finally , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The things some of them wanted : unbelievable ! Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from the Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
Everybody has got some ideas about how to live their own life .
I still go to high school where I study four languages ; French , Spanish , English and Italian .
Had it not been written in the year 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have been turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more about the past and the future of those fantastic characters .
I personally think so , the reasons are as follows :
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
I went to our new shopping centre last week in the downtown .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all , and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to have some unexpected consequences .
What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flooding ?
On the one hand , friends are like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
Thank you very much .
Nowadays , the transportation has become more perfect , and the people 's lives have become more convenient .
Without this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
People were singing and shouting - they all seemed to be really happy .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
Dear Steve ,
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It transpired that at the fountain stood Chuck , waiting for her .
It 's worth it !
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
Exchanging information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
To sum up , I think our town offers many interesting shops .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
The purpose of this report is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber , or take over a big company .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling , because it is very expensive .
Kind regards ,
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
In the film , there were servants . They were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
He wanted to conquer as much territory down the sea level as he could .
Now , when I swim in the open pool , I am overwhelmed by positive emotions .
There are almost no contraindications to practising this sport , so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
Nowadays , people are becoming more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show others this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
The reason I like this sport is pretty simple .
As you requested , I attach it to this letter .
It must be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to ask question or to take photos .
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing nowadays , but there is still a future for it .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
Is it convenient to take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
Please find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work day in many hospitals .
Thus , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on the road .
For this reason , I have been doing three courses during this year .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , consequently , the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays the starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
Everyone wants to have a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a long journey or not .
As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
Second , people can make friends more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes took over their lives ?
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
Travelling by train is very expensive nowadays .
Public transport is a public way to take people from one place to another .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
He took a chair , staring at her with rage . "
So , in this case , money is more important than other things .
There has been good progress in transport in both respects .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
But it 's very important for your health .
So , almost everybody who lives in Budapest has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
My problem has always been vocabulary .
As a result , I spent time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from next year .
Jose is not at my university but we are good friends .
There was a lot of work during the concert preparation .
It is hard for people living in devastating surroundings .
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
We 'd make jokes and chase each other with brooms , trying to smack each other on the head .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
Flower of this purple dye ,
Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it could do work that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
I 'm sure in the future there will be cars that are able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
It may sound weird or even wrong to some people , because there are many that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before condemning it .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
There are so many animals and when you are quiet , you can see a deer or a fox .
On the top floor , there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several of the latest movies .
Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel in your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
Cultural literacy is the ability to understand and participate fluently in a given culture .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
On Monday , me and my friend Chrissy went to Big Ben .
He yelled angrily .
Leonardo used a pyramid design to situate the woman in a simple and calm manner within the painting .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Proposal to improve the school 's facilities for language learners .
Its short stories have a funny and relaxed time .
Also ,
I look forward to hearing from you .
It was love at first sight .
Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Also , thanks to the progress of medicine , we will achieve some important goals .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plate preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
I have them because I have paid for them , not for any other particular reason .
For example , folk dances or archery .
Students go to school or university by car as well .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
I wo n't be much trouble for anyone .
My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport , you feel better .
In clothes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashion brands .
Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches and scars ! Are they sick ?
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability ; hiking .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport ?
Music is a special world .
Best regards
I often participate in friendly matches to keep my physical abilities up to the mark .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
The purpose is to increase sales and increase its market share in Hong Kong .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is that there are n't activities for old people .
After two long days , Jonas gets home safe and sound and tells everything about his experience .
I finished it .
The room was really dark and Micheal could n't see anything .
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago , when we moved to a much bigger house .
For a better life and world , why not take public transport ?
This experience involved tutoring children from the ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English and Maths
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
The relief of telling her was instantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
Everyone prefers to have his / her own car , so the future of public transport is very dark .
And then we need printing and inspection .
With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time and have to make more efforts .
Summer is really little life .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetuses .
In my country , trains are n't really fast and there could be problems during the trip , but that , for me , makes it more interesting .
There have been rumors of the construction of a Metro in our town .
I think the car is more convenient than public transport .
On the contrary , I disagree with having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure in reading novels , which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity but all the while keeping myself safe and comfortable .
Dear Harry ,
These days , houses are very different , but in the future houses will be
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their opposition to the oppression they were suffering , and fighting to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
But he gets to know Timon and Pumba and they make Symba believe again that life is good .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and , of course , accessories .
Spring is a good season because it is between winter and summer , temperatures are not too cold and not too hot .
I miss Casino so much .
Students have more opportunities to learn languages , discover foreign experiences , pass internships and study abroad .
I am sorry if I have not understood your previous e - mails .
There are soccer lessons . I have attended lessons .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
She was disappointed and tried to explain her thinking to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
I . I was very happy because it was my first competition .
For example , when I was 17 , I was starting my first day of class at the university .
But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
In Brazil , there is also this difference between the public and the intimate space , yet the magnitude of this is not the same as in the U.S.
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
Public Cleaning Services
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
Once more unto the breach ! ) .
On the other hand , his wife , his not - so - lovely wife , always angry and cold as ice , was waiting for him at home .
Almost every single household has more than one car .
Students are taught by highly qualified staff .
There are some reasons why people leave shops in a bad mood , or even do n't want to go into them .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
This should be enough to make you feel happy like a comfortable blanket does .
I 'm a young man who finished his studies in tourism and ecology this year .
SONG ANALYSIS :
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
Secondly , the state could take 5 percent from every salary .
In the 21st century , advice is something that is only given and that given advice is never taken .
Hi ! How are you ? Have you found your car keys ?
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulated .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Since that time , Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
First of all , formal education is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practical job .
Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with him , so we can buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with him by my side .
Mô tả
I hope my suggestions will help you .
When do you return ?
After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all your money .
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , etc .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
For all these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of that .
we went to the Trocadero .
In the morning program , the kids enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
If any conclusions can be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I got a good education , not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
Without its help , for example , we would have never realized where we have come from .
I prefer walking , because the bus , helicopter , and metro are very polluting .
That morning , Michael woke up full of energy and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
She is pretty , smart and so nice to everyone .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire wrote Candide .
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable for the vast majority .
So , I do n't find it difficult to organize competitions or activities for children .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
Moreover , it creates colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Fantastic actors perform in this theatre and I would like you to see their best play , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Introduction :
Recommendations
Basically , we have land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
Christina ,
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Altogether they provide the nutrients to cover the needs of feeding one person in one day .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to the music .
In order for this to happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed for our particular goals .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Also , I trained my body and became more healthy .
In the future , I really want my grandchildren to be happy . That is all I ask for . I may be young , but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . I mean dreaming does not hurt .
Conative Strategy
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Counting 33 stories in the main building , it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and more comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
I think physical activity can give us more benefits in our life .
Our city offers visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Thanks .
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
Next I am going to Italy to see the Pope . If you want I am going to Barcelona and I would like to go with you .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
But if you want , I see some work in special Feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
In my opinion , fame is a need for actors and musicians in popular culture .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
3 . The changing room is very clean
When she got to the office , she saw on her desk a note in a heart shape .
On the other hand , not everybody wants to reveal the secrets of their private life .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
The old town is an historical and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took a long time to arrive .
My name is Maria .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start the next turn right after you pass the stick .
Family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
Swimming is very exciting .
One night , while we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave outside of Los Angeles .
My family is my world .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
We can see a different view of the tower from different angles .
Students , children from large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
Laura
You just have to avoid supermarkets and buy clothes in advance - so there will not arise the situation , where you need something really badly and it is not in your closet - and , of course , avoid male company . Better choose a female companion .
Dmitry Lavrov
At that moment , I thought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family , but fortunately it was n't so .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palms in a way I could have no control over .
He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
My position involved developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the company 's events .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
Although the importation of such programmes has had positive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also had negative outcomes .
For the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely not something down the line .
Also , can you tell me what amenities there are near the school ?
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
Anna won first prize and regained confidence .
Music helps stimulate the senses and focuses attention on the advertisement .
He started running towards the light .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on school buses , because , by Grade 5 , children are able to take care of themselves and each other .
This is where you will find several shops that sell most African traditional artifacts .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
I like parkour because it 's really fun . I also like guitar and playing video games .
We felt very happy .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
One of Slovenia 's qualified sommeliers will help you choose from the good wine cellar , so this is the place where I recommend our class can relax , eat , drink well & enjoy the happy atmosphere .
Maybe in the future it will be worse .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face .
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
I miss my big house , but I do n't miss the guns .
The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving " , the Chicago Tribune wrote .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
Scientists and researchers jointly work to reduce carbon emissions .
They may say that having excellent knowledge of a field of study is the way to succeed in school or work .
In my opinion , being alone means that you have something to think about , for example , to think about our deeds .
My name is Alexander Engström .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore the universe more and we will colonise other planets .
Another important aspect is that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
We , humans , can say that we live on the planet Earth without being metaphorical for the first time in all our history .
People should walk more than before .
My host family take me to different hot spots and teach me how to speak Japanese , in order to facilitate the
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
I think quite a few scientists still surprise us , and the house of the future will go beyond the limits of our imagination .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
Best wishes .
Some advantages are given in the following passage .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours , suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
I am an 11th grade student from Barcelona , Spain .
It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that pursues them through different states of the EE.UU .
This is the world of globalisation where the entire world is one market .
When she arrives at a shopping centre , Tom is already waiting .
A couple of hours later , already in his office , he received a call .
Subject : Our green town
My town is very small .
I do lots of activities with them ..
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
As I have listened to my students , I have come to realize the very essence of my existence as their teacher .
Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is extremely irritating before annual celebrations , or during seasonal sales .
Get speaking English now !
In addition , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
I hope you understand my point of view .
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
The story is about the love between two young people , a poor man and a rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
To illustrate .
I came upon your ad in the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
They need to focus on that a bit more .
On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Last , I 'll propose a solution to a common and near problem .
That 's all for now , but I will write more when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Michael
I remember that the first present my mother gave me was a badminton racket .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them , but would rather watch them on different kinds of TV shows .
Mary Smith
From time to time , it seemed to him that he loved her .
Therefore , I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
If the educational institutions always stopped students from trying just because they have less chance of being successful , we 'll never have people like Thomas Edison or Albert Einstein , who were considered as stupid kids in school but did n't give up trying .
Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
How are things ? I have finished my exams now . I came back to Linares two days ago .
But moments later , she found a second letter with the same shape .
It helps to share ideas and knowledge , among students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms .
And obviously , you should n't be afraid of heights to enjoy skydiving fully .
In today 's world , due to the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use cars , trucks and sometimes boats more .
I will talk about my favourite sport .
We visited Nagar chak with much anticipation .
Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour in the world .
However , I like walking very much , too .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
But here 's the thing : I love the playing field .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standards of living for those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of more economically developed countries .
And there are a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
Their moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
When I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
Some are situated in the neighbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
Traveling by car will be the most suitable
If you are affected , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they will grow to adulthood .
Dear Chairman ,
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportation , like bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to fulfil their basic needs .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives the possibility to earn more money .
I , for that reason , certainly agree with the statement of the given issue .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
This is a small act for us , but if we all contribute , it will be a big help for the environment .
What impresses me the most is the combination of old elements of the building with glass and bricks .
Precisely here is found the crux of the problem .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a great attitude and always give whatever you 're doing your best effort , you will have no regrets .
Yours sincerely
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to make a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful state of mind .
But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
Every day , there are many articles and news items that talk about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10,000 hours of training .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . That 's true . From my point of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can do .
But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food in the city . I recommend you to come to a Spanish wedding .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
I do not have experience working in a kitchen .
The serious side of nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that countries try to own , which threaten the peace in the world .
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved for processing by the managers .
Computers help us with organizing our data . Also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
Migration is a factor all countries must consider in order to move forward .
Everyone must be accepted and integrate into a specific society .
Surgery is our last resort if the condition is severe and all the previous lines of treatment failed .
Every day , work stressed me and by the end of my shift I was so tired .
Firstly , create your timetable .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed him .
I am writing with regard to your outsourcing service because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . For this reason , I am looking for a new service that can help me .
If you would like to see wonderful beaches , you should come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
Will I find myself writing letters ?
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as food for thought .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
In my opinion , there is a future for public transport .
If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn them .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
Your plan sounds great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
He had to tell her she was in danger .
A player who can bat and bowl is called an all - rounder .
Now I wear different colours . For example , black , blue , grey and others .
First , you gain time doing essential things .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
Time was running out , he thought to himself .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
For the same reason , the government needs to control the situation by using a banning strategy if people smoke in certain forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
Also , it shows the attitude of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
He is a fluent speaker .
I am a PhD student in university .
It is clear from these reasons that there is merit to awarding important government career options to younger people .
There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
I saw the advertisement for a job to work on this summer camp .
I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenirs for my family .
One of his favourite games was to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
One of these it 's surely my sport .
In addition to this , injuries were more frequent during games than during training .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes , both heavy and light .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It means cheat and we have no entry obstacles for other suppliers .
In their opinion , young people , including themselves , are very busy with fashion and clothes .
Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shopping , both the authority and the citizens understand the need to keep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming . Therefore , they are serious about protecting the environment .
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
Some of these have the same aims .
Dear editor ,
I think that it will have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people great and then vigorously develop the economy .
Dear Sir ,
There 's going to be a competition for a month , with excellent prizes .
This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
Thus , in the future , public transport will be more attractive than private and individual transport .
Because many people have died because of this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction , even if the person wants to stop it .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
When I was there , I did my job pretty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use while acting .
Dear Sir ,
Of all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the capital of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
I had been feeling so lonely for a long time .
Dear Sir ,
I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
Finally , we will discover a fantastic ending that we would never imagine through watching the movie .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of the monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
I never imagined how hard the training was , how tiring and demanding the exercises were and how difficult to control the ball was .
First and foremost , it can cause contamination of the environment , which can affect our health .
story she read .
Everything is going great !
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
These cities do n't allow people to drive in the city centre , and the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily . Consequently , I do not have a large circle of friends .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
But if you have an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so good for you and your English .
My brother went to the NBA league and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . And now I am going to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
It is a sophisticated building , full of details everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully designed according to that period .
All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
Now to banish bullying from our school I ask all of you to take this oath : I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I will treat others with respect and kindness .
If you want more information , just contact us .
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam soldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
We had hard days too . We argued , but then quickly made up .
Have a good trip .
He hardly knew who he was anymore .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around children and I love it .
Thank you for your attention .
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Her cherry - red face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunset like a perfectly baked pastry , as the last of the sun 's rays beamed down over the horizon .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
They lose their anonymity , become recognizable ,
The first 2 years , all was perfect until day number 734 .
Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
Besides , there are accidents , which can happen with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get off at the right stop .
I like fighting , because I like to hit people .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
Fuji .
It is like " Everybody has it . I need it too ! "
I should go in October .
Also , the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
Television series
In my opinion , I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
In conclusion , I would like to say that self harm , low self - esteem and bullying are all causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop this .
Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
Dear Chairman ,
The day of the event , dress not too formal but also not to informal .
Lots of children get their hair cut like their favourite football player 's , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act like their role models , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
I did not think twice .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
He tried to push the door that led to the front of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
I did my best and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .
It 's really important .
As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
The media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of liver .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
For the sake of that , public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
But , is nuclear power good for us ?
Perhaps there is some chance of acquiring knowledge during the development of the activity .
Let 's step into famous people 's shoes .
Public transport is always going to be slower , less flexible and much less convenient , but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
As per the doctor 's order , we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside , trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
Travelling by car is so much more convenient if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
If more lessons like this are provided and more homeless people get the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
I'm 13 years old .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
Personally , I think studying on a computer is a better choice .
Volleyball is the best sport ever !
I hope I have convinced you .
What I usually do in my free time .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
All in one - come and watch
Time is valuable for everybody and nobody is bothered about money .
We can solve this problem if we want to .
Last summer I thought I had found it .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
" Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
It is not necessary to agree with each other on everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
Hmm ...
Why do we have a fridge in every single home ?
I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in which she was walking with her dog .
It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to seeing .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't have any posters .
The luckiest man that you can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
I fell over a hundred times in a few days .
Also , the satisfaction of the customers pushes me to work harder and be better at my job .
So , Malaga is responsible towards the environment and towards people in need .
Is it really possible to describe a man at all ?
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
Daniel Wan
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physically but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves the children in the hell it causes .
Socializing online helps us to contact our friends in an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
But we have now entered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion , it has to be given as an option .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
He had always been free .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
The importance of the internet in our lives
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
All in all , I think those tips will help you and I hope you will
It helps us in many different ways . If we have a problem , we can take a bus and go there .
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
If a person wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek .
See you soon .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while stage acting requires actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
Dear group leader ,
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , nature reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
Undeterred by this , it is still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist 's child .
No . I 'm single .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where I could read peacefully .
Parents face important decisions when raising children , not least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
We were talking about the last match . We were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
We 'd better do our exam as soon as we can . "
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and , although you have not become a professional one , you have never given up .
There will be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
Now we can observe people moving around the city using bikes , underground , public transport , and cars .
This experience has reminded me that although there are many advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
As you know , I adore Madonna .
People are advised to carpool and travel together to work places .
Of course , after that I never thought that I ever had a chance .
Firstly , shopping can waste so much of your time .
It is female cat .
Sasha
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and , after that , I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Describe your bedroom .
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visit me !
This is a set including one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings with diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will not disappoint you .
He was not helpful and was unpolite .
As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just wanted to leave him .
The idea that newspapers will disappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Germany .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
How long do you want to travel ?
Dear Bob .
One night she was working at home . She was in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
No matter what year , its lowest level was always in Jan - Mar .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
I saw your advertisement and would like to apply to work in the USA in one of your summer camps .
This essay will describe the positive and negative social consequences of robots , and possible implications in the future .
With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
I must well admit this has not always been so .
Dear John
I also like to play video games . I play with my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some others .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
Besides , as I have already said , you can exercise three or four hours a week instead of going every day to your training session .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
It has five storeys and is one of the tallest historical buildings in Kyoto .
Kind Regards
Modern science is trying to find new , more economic sources of energy .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
I absolutely love children and they honestly love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all people love children and can get on well with them .
Love ,
How many of us today are really into helping the environment ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
I 've read your letter and let me tell you that I 'm really sorry that things are not going well lately , especially because I know how much you enjoy sports and your music classes .
My father has many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and listens to the radio .
I think it is important to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a stock failure .
my last company .
This character has been his childhood nightmare .
Kind regards , The Cornish Drama Club . "
To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point on time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if you go with other people .
Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harassment .
According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputation for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth .
Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
XYZ
Its popularity has spread all over the world too .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear and the importance of public transportation is needed .
There are a lot of swimming pools in Hong Kong . People love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
I went to the museum and followed all the clues and I found a broken sculpture .
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
go shopping , eat some lovely French meals , drink lots of wine and return before work on Monday .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know where to get answers .
And I am left to love without any support .
When you come out onto the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the left where you will find a big square with swings and slides .
To sum up , the best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it , depends on each person 's means and learning style , but it is definitely possible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and it 's fun to go out and drive with your friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
Many of us live in a hurry .
In the past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
Sapporo is an attractive place because the raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Moreover , I also participated in the Standard Chartered Hong Kong English Public Speaking Contest in 2015 .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the most precious thing in the world .
He was trapped .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
Well , first of all , there are a lot of activities you can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places that are attractive for many tourists .
We are slowly but inexorably loosing readiness to solve problems , unless we can surf the Internet , so that even a single day without technology would turn out to be a nightmare .
Yes , she should accept this offer .
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
Let 's start by focussing our attention on the pellet stove .
With genetic engineering , human health has become better in many ways .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
I favor the former statement . That is , I think students should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Sometimes , your shopping trip turns out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
The car has brought an epic change to our lifestyle .
The aim is to find a balanced way .
Nowadays , technology and society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than before .
To whom it may concern ,
However , they will talk or build a relationship based on what they see their parents doing with other people .
Most people watched the news , movies , or TV shows on television .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
Most important of all , I will have an adventure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
Helping Strangers
He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
He fed on the frozen lasagna his mom had sent him a few days earlier .
Flattery is different . It is easier to recognize .
In a very interesting way you can find out something about the history of Siemianowice and about mines .
Few other modern movies are so great in comparison .
A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time by himself or reading a book .
You have to take a test and they will give you a rating for it .
In addition , the costumes , make - up and special effects the story .
Suppose we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand for a particular analysis .
Otherwise , you may run the risk of people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
Michael was a little boy . He was 10 years old . He went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
Nevertheless , the police had found the buried body .
I am very good at cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that my profile makes me a very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
I also got sea sick .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
We did n't have much time to go there because it was far from our hotel so I had to go with my father while the rest of my family was somewhere else .
Sam was visited but beside the shock , he only had some bruises .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
Warm - up
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like thrillers and drama too .
From then on , I felt my disease decrease and feel relax .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
So when children are playing around these trees , they can feel more healthy with clean air .
After dinner , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
We must stop all wars , conflicts , and impose human principles and values .
I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love and who I spend a lot of time taking care of .
I recommend this sport to everyone , because it could be , as it is for me , a moment to distract you from the world , a moment to spend without thinking about tomorrow .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it from being polluted .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
P. Zuidweg
It 's all about willpower and the absolute desire to get better .
It is easy to see when we walk around or when we go for a walk .
Today , the Internet is one of the most effective and efficient ways to communicate .
I have gained a better understanding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
the bathroom was just a few meters away .
I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .
This happens not only because of environmental aspects , but mental aspects as well .
On the one hand , the old one could be hard - wired into your brain .
We had several problems , especially with the bus , which was often delayed and in one case it even caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsurfing competition .
A tear started running down his face as he looked at the clouds .
People of all ages and cultures eat there .
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport .
This report shows the sorts of shops which are located in Moral de Calatrava .
Another transformation , which is related to the advances that humanity has been seeing lately , is the changes in the cities and our living habits .
The more knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress will come .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Are you studying mathematics for your exam ?
The purpose of this report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
I thought it was the perfect moment and , at the speed of light , I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
No No longer do they have to solely depend on public transport .
I obviously agree that technology is necessary nowadays .
In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not as bad as some people say .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
Could you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
Yours sincerely ,
I 'm happy living here because the air is clean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with it is essential to shaping a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
She was described as the plain Jane of the campus .
As a result , the city - dwellers are now enjoying a more healthy environment .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
I know that for some , playing football is boring , but for me , it 's the most awesome thing ever .
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
At university , my accounting grade was better than others .
Yes , I think it can also educate .
Grazia
My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 years old and I live in the Basque Country in northern Spain .
DEAR MARY ,
At the end , he continues running . Thanks to this , he achieved his goals .
In the end , will each one be able to overcome their own pride and prejudice ?
If we do so , we can see the massive difference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .
And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose at this question because they will teach you more directly .
Next week I am going to throw a similar party for my birthday .
I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 and I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
As he grew wiser and stronger , Michael still always had this hope that his mother would wake up .
But you can tell me other options when I come to your home .
What was my job ?
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered on those which have an apex maturity of science .
The man was professional and gave him useful pieces of advice .
Was it at the party which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 do n't speak English very well .
Public transport brings relaxing holidays and efficient business trips for people without being weary after a long drive .
reception who can speak another language apart from Italian .
I hope that my country becomes a great country and better , and I hope to get married to someone who I love .
Please do not worry too much about me , I am having a joyous time here in Japan .
As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
Hello ,
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Printed sheets are manually inspected .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them . Actually , I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city . He was required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
Finally , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing .
This loss need not however be negative .
Thirdly , reserves should be set up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
We can stop anywhere we want to stop .
Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
But it is also because of these sets of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
And in the home there will always be a room to sleep and relax .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
She was shocked and apologized for a mistake she did not commit .
The next day , I went with my friends to see a movie .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention of the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions throughout history that are more important than the computer .
With both sides benefiting , the future of public transport will be safe .
I love to go jogging in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
But before clarifying that , she wanted to ask one more important question :
I play basketball in my free time and hang out with my friends from my old school .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
It does n't matter whether they have failed or gained success through those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
However , university life has many conveniences .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
Juan Antonio
To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completely different from school .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
First of all , to a certain degree , I agree with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in one 's grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she is also the person who is always on your side .
The fairies control nearly everything .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
The periodic movement of the minute hand compared to the smooth path of the second hand .
Only family members can know us best because they live with us from when we come into this world .
till Now , we talk in time and , finally , we perish after time .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and an attractive tourist location .
Clean Infrastructures
My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
With the opportunity for change comes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , can often force people to do what they might not normally choose .
If you do n't think it is a fun sport , you should not do it .
SEAWEED : OUR FUTURE
Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
We would believe that this work is worth contributing to for life .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Let me enter your cabin .
Water is already growing scarce over time .
Do you remember Peter ?
Cricket is my passion .
Cycling is my favourite sport .
Dmitry Lavrov
However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
Michael had been running on empty all week .
The three fairies lead a prince , Philp , to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure they use an appropriate contraceptive .
I do agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Finally , after being printed , every bank note needs to be manually inspected .
They can communicate well and are aware of dangerous situations .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
It 's not only a physical sport , you really need to get your mind into it .
First , they have to spend money and waste time which they could spend watching TV .
The park was sealed by green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
Nature is one of the most important themes in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelists and poets .
Many people believe that public transport will be replaced by private transport in the near future .
He lived in Toronto , which is a cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
It gives competition to national companies . By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
When choosing a club , I believe it 's important that an experienced coach is present who knows how to teach the basics .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's a huge green building just next to the library .
Introduction
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
He is arrogant .
Employers try to find employees that have practical skills rather than formal qualifications .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it needs to be purified in order to be used .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger to our society because they need money and food so they might steal or kill for this .
We face difficulty reaching our own destination .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
The best present that I have received was ... I do n't remember !
The children are aged between ten and sixteen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
Today it is a fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
You start walking 10 minutes each day , then for 20 minutes and you can add more minutes till you start running for 30 minutes and then for an hour .
I did not find it hard at all . As a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
How are you feeling ?
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
What about you ?
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful and curious girl .
I look forward to new challenges and tasks .
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week , plastic two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my country .
I do it every day at school .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
process is inspection , where the printed sheets are
When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
We all went together to have lunch at a nearby restaurant .
Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
And many more .
That day Michael had to go to work , so he got up from his bed and went to his bathroom .
People who do n't use public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
Another major problem is lack of recycling .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
I have also been a member of the association of tourism and ecology since I was 10 years old .
Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the students , even beyond what the meaning of such a word can express , has been dramatically instilled in me .
He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
Sometimes it is also a problem for women who want to go shopping with their partner .
You and I could see each other .
One of the many possibilities for making our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
When we worked at the kindergarten , she was very patient and caring with the children and she was also willing to help them whenever they had a problem , even if that implied hard work for her .
She 's from Morocco , so she has Arabian features . For example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
To most of her friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
Sometimes , when I have to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
In my opinion , public transport is secured for the future .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whether they are of perfect quality or not .
But girls love wearing skirts and snug shirt .
How did these people find the spot ?
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in contact me .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town and when you are on the train , jump off at the stop called " Stazione Centrale " .
When I was young I saw my father watching football programmes every day but I did n't understand what football was .
First of all , the food was really delicious .
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and I started this sport when I was in junior high .
They prefer industrialization to nature .
My listening is good and I can understand .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Usually , after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
OMG !
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
When I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a week for two hours each .
Hi Conie ,
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
I hope that , next time , you will be able to go with me .
Once , I got sick and stayed in a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
Because it 's very comfortable .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
Every now and then , they even air an extra report on a certain field , like the European election or the crisis in the Ukraine .
1 ) tell Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the door .
As a result , not only is public transport an option they have , but it is also the only option .
I would like to apply for the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
I think that for people who want to learn English Write and Improve is great !
Why ?
This approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to do .
See you there at half past six ?
The first two step is to design them with background color artwork and security features and prepare metal plates using skilled machinists .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused a significant number of casualties for both mankind and animals .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
The streets will be full of cars in the rush hours .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
Chances are that I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hook up with .
It was a lovely sunny day .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
I have just received your letter .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
We visited many cities , like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of historical Greek monuments .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an individual .
However , I am stopped by recent tragic developments in foreign countries .
It keeps our bodies in good condition .
I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
For this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
" she shouted to them with a smile on her face . With this story to tell she will finally shut those boys ' mouths at school .
I would let you have the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
Indeed , I consider Mr
During the vacation , I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
Sarah was concentrating on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
The light bulb was created in 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
Bearing in mind that society is also changing , people will tend to choose a place of work which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
He made a coffee for himself and turned the TV on to watch the news .
Apparently , the restaurant business is creative and marketing - oriented in Taiwan .
Amy King
For this purpose , we need a quiet place to study .
Also , it is very important to remember that we always have the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
I love playing with kids , but , as always , there are some rules that have to be followed .
They mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which we will discuss below .
That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
Even then , you only have to find three more players in this case .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriately .
At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading a rich and carefree life .
I cook different healthy dishes every day for the whole family and they love it .
If you want , you can visit it .
Only the place was important .
I am a fan of his batting .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other , more than these virtual friendships prevailing today .
There are several reasons why I support this choice .
From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she has been in my shadow .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
- I 'll tell you later .
That is something really important for us .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be tried anywhere .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the lawyer listened to them very carefully to decide they could not have the cat .
They usually lack language and can not start a debate .
Often , dealing with new situations does not help us to feel comfortable .
They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
But , wait !
Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear reactors .
Many people talk with their pets as if they understand them .
We only needed a water tank and the sun .
For those who are very interested in hotel searching services , they may notice such an informative advertisement .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
The gym .
Finally , it is environmentally - friendly .
I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
The Spice Bazaar is the second largest covered bazaar after the Grand Bazaar .
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers .
The painting is most famous for the smile of the woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long time .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
Although presenting a more lively plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
Nowadays , more and more people have their own car .
I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .
For studying a language , people need to communicate with others to improve their speaking and listening levels and read a variety of foreign - language books to increase their reading and writing skills .
Mini vacations are a break for us to have fun and good times with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Thus , the lecture disputes the idea mentioned in the article that building a national fence could prevent the spreading .
In my opinion , computers might be the best invention ever made , since they 've become an essential part of our daily lives and since we rely on them so much .
My favourite sports are basketball and martial arts .
It 's great to get some news from you .
thanks a lot for your response .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths to pavement .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and , that way , I will see improvement .
Tell me what you think about it .
Currently we usually do less exercise than before , because we use our cars to go everywhere .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
This is Danbi from ueecx13 .
It was my brother 's birthday , so he asked if we could go to a new restaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
People used to use public transport a lot .
In addition , I have experience working in restaurants during the summer , so I am used to all types of kitchen duties including cooking and washing up .
He produces doors and windows in wood .
Global warming is a primary cause of starvation but so is deforestation .
To conclude , Scout is a smart girl with two sides .
There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane , but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
This natural process would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be negatively influenced in this case .
This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows its subscribers to view any TV Show , anywhere , and on any device .
Could be amazing !
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
It influences customer behavior relating to banking services .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle East .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
This was achieved by using as a reference the information that Holden gives us about this short story and including things in it that he might like .
They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job as I love organising activities for the little ones and spending time with them as well as preparing different types of meals .
It can make people feel youthful and it matches the taste of young adults , who are Trivago 's target customers .
To put it simply , the things that school teaches us are no longer used in the real world .
Learning a new language is always an exciting experience .
Francisco
We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
I am the eldest of the children , then after me is my brother Sidi .
The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course curriculum .
Every house will be flexible .
See you !
He praised Michael 's work .
I really like , in the moments when I am listening , to turn up the radio , but the singles are dead .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384 . And since then a lot of pilgrims have been visiting that picture .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
Moreover , there are distant places we can not travel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
On the other hand , buses and subways can accommodate more passengers , while a car can only hold 4 to 5 people in total .
I think , I can agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable .
He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
Their relationship had been excellent since the first time that they had met each other and two months later they decided to become lovers .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
The trainer said to me that I was really good .
Since his full retirement , he has served as an ambassador for the sport .
You missed your flight and it was a business trip ! You 're going to get fired ! " ,
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people are really nice . Or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see where our children are and if everything 's OK .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
One day , my friend invited me to karate .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially in their early teenage years .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
Department stores are found in all big cities .
An original mix of cultures were represented consistently .
I am a native speaker of Spanish and I have passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision - making which will eventually decide the new world order .
Cesar Vega
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Have a good journey " .
She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
Having a good job and a high salary will make my life richer and more rewarding .
We always go to the beach , which is very nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
MATHIAS :
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine , from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
She cried .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
Tom had prepared a set of questions to ask .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
This facilitates classification of garbage and transfers each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
But his mother hated his wife and always shouted at her .
During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and the modernisation of leisure facilities .
In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
I saw this advertisement on a website and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and freckles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing gaze .
The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hats and tousles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .
You travel around the whole of the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
Since television was first invented , it has influenced different aspects of people 's lives .
All in all , anything that will keep them away from being bored and having nothing to do .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
During the day Italian people drink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffee maker at home !
When Elena took it off she was blown away , completely amazed at what she saw .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
I like biathlon .
Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very difficult or take too much time .
I competed in singing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
This place does n't appear in history books , but it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
Furthermore , you can choose an alternative road , rather than taking a main road .
Thirdly , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
Finally , this is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
I think that you can to come to my country if you want , because I will help you .
It is very important to put some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
I see that it 's good for my health .
I love this sport .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
One would never know he / she can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
She has become ugly and grows worse by the day .
Or do you really regret what you have done ?
Firstly , it is true that young people used to do sports daily anywhere , at school or in the street , and also they did n't use to eat fast food .
Feeble souls
I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
I had n't ever heard of doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , asked me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
We saw " If I stay " and I loved it .
The story is narrated as it happens .
Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I took the following subjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Health , and Health Systems under the tutoring of Mr Montés .
If you do n't like Spanish food , you can go to a restaurant with food from another country , but I know you love it .
There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
Second , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on the bus .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at certain hours you can not find a bus .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
They were to meet on the street Boulevard Arago .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life . I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travel , will be solved by self - driving technology .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
Although some people prefer individual games , I prefer team games .
At night , the noise was annoying . I was not able to rest properly .
I am not saying that we should always play chess , as physical activities are also important .
Moreover , the most annoying is the last stage of buying goods - waiting in queues in order to pay .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it seriously , because even though I said it was fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
I am excited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amount of sadness .
It 's been a long time since we last contacted each other .
From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
These panels are used to harness the light of the sun to produce electricity .
About the pollution , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
There are no walls separating the foyer from the dining room or the kitchen from the guests .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission to PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should carry out , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
They do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies for fun .
I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
The customers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computers ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental change .
Everyone is starting over with a new class , a new teacher , and some new friends .
The cost is reasonable .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery channels also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forward to seeing you next year .
ABOUT THE WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HEELS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
We must pay to receive a psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
On the left , you can see people on an observation area .
She highly recommends your school to Tsz Huan and us .
The collapse of the Soviet Union has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
Arek
Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer you up and always support you when you are in trouble .
Weekends would be a drag if match days were not on television .
Tennis is my brother 's favourite sport .
My name is Sylwia .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
Daria .
In Sweden , we have a lot of different people from different cultures .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature .
No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
We would like to say thank you for your presence at the event . We are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program . We are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
Ramón Verdugo
I want to be fit and have good health .
Suggestions :
The region where we will stay has a nice system that encourages people to hike .
It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
As we all know , technology is making life better .
The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I play it with my friends .
It 's more common to eat pizza .
There is nothing worse than not being able to communicate with people when you 're in a foreign country .
There are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my younger brother .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a miserable season .
Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf , it totally engaged me !
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was undercover in another monster 's body .
Because we were born in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is good .
Do you remember it ?
1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
Jack finally lost weight and lived happily ever after . The end .
A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
Easter was coming .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
Sports store .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
Bye !
This leadership role required proficient communication skills , as I was providing support to people of different ages , backgrounds ( with varying levels of English ) or levels of technical ability .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not with my skin but with my heart .
Sometimes , I trust a lot and I have bad grades so I feel depressed .
We have also worked together at a kindergarten for some time and this year we started our studies at an institute in order to become primary teachers .
For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
My favorite singer is AVICII .
Maybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
Before the race , I was very nervous .
People now buy cars and scooters according to their convenience and pocket .
Therefore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , public buses etc .
Sara
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
Thus , the induced vasodilation may affect both systolic and diastolic blood pressure after exercise .
So , now you have a rough summary of me .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk about One Direction .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
Three to four years ago , htc made so much money in Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
Nowadays , we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
It is an important thing to love or like a lot what we do , because that is the key .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
James Mehler
They were very different and very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with the time period of the film .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate , which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or , for some of them , a fourth language .
The museum is located near the center of the city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in about 15 minutes .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud with my brother .
The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
My family ordered dinner , but l specially ordered pizza and Coke because l love pizza .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
It can be hard and it has its downsides .
The decor will be simpler and more modern .
And , as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
That is funny , but makes me nervous .
We frequently discussed various difficult problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
I have two reasons why I do .
But that 's not the biggest problem .
Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him . They had used some weapons from The King of the Sky . They got into the room and started shooting while Michael was untying Jack from the chair . Accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting . All her body parts were scattered on the floor . He did n't care about that and fled with the others .
It 's an easy and a healthy sport .
The next question was : ' Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post of the 18th of July .
Nowadays we watch the perfection of actors all over the world .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetrius .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
Anyway , you could always do some sport in your extra - free time .
It is so tightly woven you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
He held a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
First , as technology has developed , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
In order to do that , there will need to be a huge transformation .
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycling bins in their homes .
Suddenly , the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
So , the deal is , I met this guy , Ron , in the bar and we started talking .
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
Parents must be parents , and friends must be friends .
Therefore , I issue a call to action .
Also , this is a healthy way of getting fit .
Students have started to use their own cars rather than the bus .
I will wait for your answer ,
Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
My name is Afsaneh . I 'm from IRAN . I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new year .
No one can deny the importance of public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
What do you do to relax , besides watching TV ?
It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
I am writing as I promised .
What about relationships ?
I have read your advertisement in the local newspaper and I am writing to apply for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
Imma Díaz .
That is because you will improve your Japanese there .
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
On the other hand , it 's hard to implement this idea .
Besides , it offers you spare time to read and listen to music , provided you can find a seat and have a calm trip .
Around the world , up to three air crashes which resulted from being hijacked or shot happened .
Secondly , my idea is to put on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
In the same year , I passed the strenuous Brazilian bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
You have fun with your family making snow angels and have snowball fights .
Cars are n't used any more because there are many places where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
He got his bag and he went to the door .
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
By playing physical games , they will not only improve their health but they can also gain concentration .
But people should realize , that there are many advantages and disadvantages to being celebrities .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
I agree with this point of view .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of travelling .
I remember the warmth of twilight , which lures you to the heart of this town .
Sport helps people to keep in good health .
Monica is her best friend !
I 'm really glad to hear from you !
On the other hand , the reading contrasts with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
Michael was a 25-year - old man .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
Unlike the past , where people had little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene , with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) instead of diesel .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not paint .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which have arisen from the use of Facebook and Twitter .
So if I want to come to the lesson , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
As soon as they move in , they hear the rumors of the incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , and the other child of the family recently moved in there .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence of my excellent English skills .
I expect we 'll be best friends forever .
Also , I love spending time with children .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
First , the majors they offer are numerous and diverse .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
You can walk whenever and wherever you like .
In my opinion , the price of a ticket on the bus is expensive .
I Live in Egypt .
Michael took a deep breath and looked at the door that was still open .
Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
As a result , we will need to change fast , to try to fix what we have broken and start to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
I think if the whole world had only one language it would be better .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word to describe the prices .
In conclusion , the life of young people is not very easy .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .
I 'm fifteen years old .
This system relies on the tram .
in her apartment while Michel was working .
The labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the travel time .
Some people travel to Sweden just to see it .
My favourite sport at the moment is walking , and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens , where you can enjoy amazing artists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
I started to play football when I was four years old .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help others .
One of them is Canton Tower .
Facebook is the most popular social networking site of all time .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
My carer horse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you could try looking for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the summer months .
Most people think that this year is for travelling to other countries and spending all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cook .
There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
On the other hand , if I were travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cáceres .
The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - based society and a better future .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom like never before and became a world economic power .
Marta
I was born on August 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking , so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
It literally looked like a piece of abstract painting .
Throughout this friendship , I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
The enemy thinks that the passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she does n't take into account , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his way .
But , unfortunately , we 're not in the future .
Since it 's not very easy at the beginning , if you are interested in taking up tennis you should persevere and practise at least twice a week .
It was near to Hyde Park .
The main reason for people not liking to travel by public transport is overcrowding .
I am good at working in a team too .
He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .
His mind then thought of their last kiss .
I 'm 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
The roads are chock a block . Everybody has a private car .
The note was almost illegible but Alison knew .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month .
To whom it may concern
Social networking sites also benefit those who have " unusual " hobbies or those who have a hard time finding people with similar interests .
That way , you will be able to do sport as well as going to music classes .
During the process , people work their legs a lot , mixing different positions and speeds . And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
Farit Blokhin
Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .
I am working in the daytime , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
The manufacturing process follows three main stages : designing , then producing , then consuming .
Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .
There have been major changes regarding teaching methods in the last few years , but there is still room for improvement .
For example , for young people in college , their studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
It was just a very long tunnel that was dark and strange . After , I felt my body ache .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
I am really looking forward to being part of your camp !
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century ; their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developers bring more useful information to the main page , for example , weather information , currency rates or hot news .
In addition , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house . She started getting confused and temerously .
The last film I watched was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
It 's popular among young and old people .
However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to use public vehicles as time goes by for two critical reasons .
Imagining everyone had the opportunity to learn and therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken language is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
It all started with jumping over big black trashcans .
Poor teacher , I can only wonder how a teacher would react to see such a thing written by a student .
In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the orchestra .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
Very , very jealous .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
However , boat is the slowest way to travel .
New technology consists , for instance , in smartphones , tablets , PCs .
I 'll tell you a story that happened at school .
These 2 sports improve basic human ability to reach the highest capability possible .
For seasonal food served by obliging & good - humoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'clock in the morning .
I know that the countryside is really lovely there .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
There are no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
In my opinion , traveling to a foreign country makes people open their minds to other cultures .
In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
I once told a friend , " You know ?
The other friends called the police .
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
I do agree television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed for several reasons .
Later , it could support other school initiatives .
Technology is increasing throughout the world .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots for doing tasks .
Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , and the impact will be unpredictable .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
But I do also like a movie called The Game Plan .
Charlie was the only man that could help him escape .
Dear Editor ,
It 's possible I will join them , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should visit this wonderful city once in their life .
hope you are fine . Please know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
The door was wide open , inviting him to take the offer .
No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Also , a section for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
And the expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the lack of pupils .
And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook others ' food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Mental exertion can not be excluded , but that is a different question .
But there 's a difference between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , much better , is a member of the family .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed cycling in the summertime .
It affects our lives in many ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolation , friendships , and even our very own sense of humanity .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or on the front page of the tabloids .
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga or Justin Timberlake .
Finally , I would like to know where the camps will be exactly because I need to book the flights .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking them to stop the construction .
Thank you very much .
If you want to keep your body in good shape , you ought to go in for it .
How are you ?
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
In contrast , in my present learning , it is absolutely crucial .
However , we should have a balance between both types .
Viggo is a fairly small , black pony .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
There is also a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
Also , you are able to choose a place to go depending on how you feel .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
Firstly , I should say that life nowadays would be unthinkable without science .
Everyone needs to focus not only on his education but also on others .
He decided to join the class .
Adults usually attend language courses , or use a variety of online courses .
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
It 's typical to eat pasta as a starter at lunch .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and women running a lot more companies .
How was your day today ?
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisational stuff .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal actions , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors which may have caused the particular disease , and he is hardly ever punished for it .
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
You have been my best friend since 1984 , when I was born near to your house .
We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses , because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing , which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
If you prefer to do other things instead of this , please just tell me !
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
In conclusion , before I read the article I had never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
I have known my best friends since my childhood .
I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possible .
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
At that moment , he understood that the mayor was going to build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you sent me this information .
Every place has its own distinct features .
One of their jobs is to watch over their human family .
We do n't have to drive ourselves , and we do n't have to think about which way we should go to reach the destination .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
The best thing it is what stay for visiting .
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
So no , the members of my biological family are n't my best friends .
The latent form of fingerprint is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
For example , I can watch a lot of matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Messy for Barcelona .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Vancouver
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered to drop her at home and the girl accepted with a smile .
I hope everything is great back in Sweden . See you soon !
Carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
I have played this sport since I was a child , and today I still love it .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they made !
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening it could be colder than during the day .
He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it .
Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people choose to use public transport , so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the less well - known charity organisations ; to the ones who need more help .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and , since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
Then I became so unhappy .
When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
We made the extra effort to be friends in the past and it generally worked both ways .
It is the most important step .
Margit Island is a favourite destination for runners and lovers .
Best wishes ,
I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
Hallo my friend ,
I choose none of the above .
And this undesirable waiting time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedules .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Also , travelling , of course , is a big part of the function of the car !
I remember children , running about the small squares in front of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
It would be interesting to accompany your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
Compared to the plane , the train is relatively safe because it can only move on the land .
It was the first time for me to play with a cat .
I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you can fix them .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but it is always crowded .
Evgeni .
30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
The question which arises now is should the employer hire women for some posts and exclude them from others , and the same for men ?
You wo n't regret it !
He was hunting on a hot day in summer in the countryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
I 'm completely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
Then I asked myself why I wasted all my school days .
When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .
Kind regards .
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
Dear Amal ,
Dear Hiring Manager ,
Then the interview became a meeting between a father and a son that was really touching .
When there is n't any race , you can go and try different racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
I admired the sea while my friends looked around the shops .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
In 1998 , you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
Hi Jenny
welcome to the historic town of Lancaster ! You are now in the vibrant heart of Lancashire .
I do n't know why .
On the big day I must say that I kind of felt numb , I did n't know what to think and what to feel .
Take care ,
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
In Cáceres , we take care of the environment .
I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
So , even though the distance between people is shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people feel comfortable with , called personal space .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
When they arrived at the mainland , Jack woke up . There was n't anyone around him , there was just sand and the beach …
For example , we will be able to travel through time .
I went to Krakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
Technology is not reality and should never replace it .
Nowadays , public transport is used by many people in the cities . We can find different types of public transport , such as bus ,
All of a sudden , he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
One student said that she could n't see well , another student complained that the writing was too small , another felt she was getting too hot from the projector .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she had fallen in love with , had written a letter to her .
I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons causing global warming and air pollution .
This is because all people dream of a better future .
As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
Rivers and seas are in danger too .
The idea that I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Montano avenue nº2
4- If you believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , then of course you are right .
Specifically , they learn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
You can practise it in a semi - Olympic swimming pool , which is always clean and protected against the sunlight .
The tickets are very expensive and the trains are very old .
I hope you can give me a chance to show how much I want this job .
It 's a kind of socializing .
Also , for me , the salary is not a problem , because my motivation is to learn .
Second ,
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
I opted for a steak there once .
I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
Researchers have claimed that new generations are likely to suffer from more diseases .
It will not be trendy because everybody will have his own car .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , standing just beside the bed .
Public transport is important for everyone .
You can see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , birds , penguins or horses .
Now you know why I can not choose one of the seasons .
On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
The more I understand it , the more I like it .
A MISTAKE
You see , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could , even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
So , we will stop traffic jams and as a consequence the environmental problems .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativity or perfection of national or modern music at all .
This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
We 're expecting you !
Dementia is the illness .
Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
Talking about her outer appearance , one can easily see that Scout is not " the usual " girl .
Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
Sincerely ,
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
from her outer appearance , she seems like a little girl .
Here you can find well - known brands as well as locally produced items .
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
For instance , in Chile , the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students while integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
In view of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food shortages .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safety .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
So , television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
Hi Lara ,
When facing a decision about whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
In the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recycling .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
Only by characters Chinese can literature send off its brilliance .
In addition , the prevalence of media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
Students can attend courses when they decide , but always respecting due dates .
I would like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I will have my summer break during that period .
Kind regards ,
They are simply too expensive .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket , and Twenty - Twenty .
A lot of people were playing in the swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
I love horses and I do horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the special equipment but it could help .
The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
Also , another improving measure might be increasing green areas in cities and towns .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get control of ourselves .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , whereas others believe deforestation has a greater impact on our world .
In Taiwan , many young people want to join htc .
Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good at languages and so I 'm doing something I 'm naturally good at now .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog , at the last moment , saved him and took that snake away .
So , so I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowl .
Yes .
We often hear that no obstacle is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?
Nutritionists recommend a quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
Despite the fact that adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
The fourth and fifth nights were the worst because the animatronics were very active , they closed and opened the doors because they were trying to get into my room .
Besides , working in popular restaurants has enabled me to gain the ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , as well as to learn about a wide variety of international foods and dishes .
Who does not like watching movies ?
They also have to remember that it is a contact sport .
Some people believe that cars should be banned from the centres of all major cities but I am against this idea .
I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in the countryside , I can not go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
I think that shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there are crowds and very long queues in the shops .
It is easy , because football is one of the most popular sports in the western world .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
This assertion is totally false .
Yours faithfully ,
I read your article about technology and education in the newspaper yesterday and I am writing this letter because I strongly disagree with your personal opinion about teachers and education .
It 's an excellent idea . Of course we should go . I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
The restaurant is on Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Could you please tell me how long the interview will be ?
Feminists have talked about promotions in the workplace as not being fair .
I usually wake up at 10 am , but on that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balla with them .
We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they would work very easily together .
It is usually forgotten because it barely affects our daily routine .
If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably wo n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
If it was not true , life would be so much better .
Recently , many south east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
One day , I went running and since that moment I have not stopped .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
Otherwise , you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , everything on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
I am into it because it is quite addictive and spectaculous .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
Convincing students to take a more comfortable road by giving up the possible risk is definitely not the proper attitude the educational institution should have .
Since I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
All these Victorian novelists use very detailed descriptions of places , people and feelings in order to make their novels as realistic as possible .
They should remember they are lucky devils not , as they often think , victims .
If you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
As the production of cars has increased , it seems that the need for public transportation has declined .
The rules of engagement are quite simple .
Ionut
As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interaction .
This will be so because of the pollution and the radiation that will exist and the increase in global warning .
The lyrics will be explained .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Dear Jo ,
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
Niki
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes , but if the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
Thank you for your letter !
I usually play it with my friends .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
I woke up in shock .
Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
If I had known about the thing before I would have invited all my mates .
Dear Kuba
The game starts with dancing and singing .
It 's about 6 euros .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and loss of harvests .
I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The prizes are usually a book and a ticket to the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Michael had cheated on her and he did it consciously .
A lot of us never think before we speak and that is not good .
Because public transport has a fixed timetable .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .
It is an oil painting , painted on poplar wood .
There might be many reasons : for school , business , or just for private interest .
People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect with the subway . It is very convenient and encourages more people to drive less .
Hi Jo ,
I always smile at people .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather use our private cars .
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
The doorbell rang .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
Saving some money and buying a car is the best thing you can do .
The taxpayers try not to go against the establishment .
Maybe you could consider updating it with new classes , such as kickboxing .
In the morning , I walked around the cinema and the most important place in my country and I talked about the films that people could watch .
He 's friendly .
They wo n't look like big white balls .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Hi George !
However , friends can be like a family and fulfil all these functions , too .
To conclude , Brazil has a lack of English speakers .
Who can afford a house ?
This happens weekly .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
However , destiny had given him another chance to follow them .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
Cooking classes would be helpful to teach teens to cook , to enjoy healthier food and maybe to discover a passion .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practises discipline .
My goal , I decided then , was to become a pilot when I grew up .
I am afraid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
Kids have to pay 10 euros just for entrance before getting anything else .
They are very useful and speedy .
Fame is a side effect of work in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
There were so many people talking to each other .
As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of rivers .
After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
Another thing you do not have is ball control .
The materials will be plastic and metal .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
Princess Sophie sent him a lot of letters telling him the truth about herself , and about her curse .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
My favorite sports are football , basketball , Formula One and Tennis .
Playing cricket gives relaxation and reduces stress .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academic .
He made me happy and safe .
Fashion store .
Public transport will have no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries , since this would produce a formidable international military force .
It was too late and the others were n't coming , the sun was setting and looking for them was n't an option .
A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . In this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
In terms of protecting the environment , taking public transport may cut down the carbon emissions .
Almost everybody has at this moment at least one account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedIn .
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
Hello Paul ,
This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
The swimming pool .
The most interesting place is the Park of Tradition , opened last year .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
If you like mountains , you could start your trip in the North , a region called Asturias .
You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
But I think you should remove it from your diet .
The amount of garbage is increasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
Today in my class there was a discussion on television and education .
And also , it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
Introduction
We will review their performance in 6 months and , accordingly , will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
Implementing each piece of advice and telling others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of driving a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
It is evident that technology is important in every aspect of our lives .
Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and she was 10 .
Even today , a woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
One of the most important moments in your life .
For me , football is everything in my life .
Schools have Physical Education to teach this good habit from our childhood .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not notice this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird . This is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
That is why she is so special to me .
There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
Because of that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
The desire of some countries ' leaders to become famous and to glorify their names as great commanders brought about wars and conflicts between countries .
Possibly , we will live in space or underground .
We found one of the television advertisements which is currently being broadcast in Hong Kong .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
Cheers ,
I am also a quick learner and adapt well to different working environments .
Silvia
As a result , they offer low fares and play an important role in environmental protection .
So , having good time - management has become important in my studies .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother s in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
Migration brings all the cultural wealth and diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to political stability .
Moreover , for many people , the main factor is the price of a thing and not its colour .
Hence , this research reminds us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor for success rather than of having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - star hotel in the middle of the old town .
I am writing because I recently saw your advertisement and I am interested in it .
Other than Korean , I have also been learning Japanese and Spanish , starting from F5 .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
Thus , every day he had a chance to see where the letters came from .
One of the cabins broke down and the person who was inside it woke up .
To sum up , both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way of coping with the latest technologies .
on this date , the BBC released the new series of Doctor Who ...
With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
I used all of the things except two .
It was really by chance .
Trivago can achieve personal value for customers through the advertisement .
When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him . When he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
In conclusion , the results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beetroot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently complete my tasks .
So , for sure , we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frequently , because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
Yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Moreover , the world 's uncontrollable population results in the demand for cars , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
Although they may share these themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
Interestingly , the purchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring , while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future , if there is the chance , I will definitely give it a try . especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
The participants answered many questions and heard out comments from the audience .
We were very scared because the car could break down again at any moment .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The city has a lot of traffic .
Thirdly , the author considers that such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
A natural disaster such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because of its long duration and wide scope .
The government plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV . is the greatest thing in the world .
Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
This is the worst mistake I have made in all my life !
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
Their life will be happier when you cease to exist .
Even if people do n't use public transport nowadays , in the future they will .
Every room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growing population means personal vehicles are hard to manage .
In particular , I recommend you to go to the Baleares Islands .
With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
The car industry could also be considered one of the main driving forces of the Western economy .
I love facing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
She said that she would come out in five minutes .
Yes .
Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside their roles .
They have a lot of money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make it happen .
I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
Dear Jo ,
Hundreds of photos were taken before , during and after the wedding .
Being interested in the area of research leads to innovation and optimizes ideas that already exist .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter , so I always try to keep myself active .
The perfect outfit might be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
If we check the prices of air travel , we can be disappointed , the same is true of travel by boat .
I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
Recently , Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' because some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
It will take place in Minsk .
I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to work at your camp this summer .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to say that Kike is a really tall man ; his height is 1.95 meters .
This reduction in the application of chemical products can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
Public transport is not only buses , but also planes and ferries .
Finally , the word convenient means something different for everyone .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Everything is possible as long as we make an effort .
I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable , resteless and I really sympathise with them . The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
I had been gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
One Direction was in front of my door !
Furthermore , you do n't study during this period and when you want to start university , you wo n't be able to remember some important things
Firstly , the immersion method takes its inspiration from the way in which we all learnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
At the Seaside , you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
Do you like studying Law ?
However , it will remain in the future , as many people still use it or even depend on it .
Moreover , it is a profitable task if they invent new medications to help people suffering from that illness .
Her parents , within half an hour of the training 's end , became worried .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
There you can taste our national cuisine but their international cuisine is also tasty .
After you finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you want to live with your parents for the rest of your life .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy was worsening someday , the Taiwanese government could simply mimic what the Japanese government did in 2012 .
His name is John , and like me he is doing a degree in Physics Engineering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center , such as CERNE , conveniently located a few miles away from his house .
Yeah .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
No one should forgive him for what he did .
He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , but there was nothing better than a new waffle .
Michael froze . '
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
Kind regards
If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
From a very young age , children can gain basic computer skills through programs that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
The time for dinner is not the same in all parts .
We know that submerging oneself in the culture and customs of our chosen language is important and a better way of learning it .
My son likes playing sports . He is very little but he plays football . He is a very active child .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .
Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
I absolutely agree with this statement . Travelling by car is not only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one independence to go wherever and whenever one might wish .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
The day before , I started to freak out thinking that I was going to meet them .
On top of that , each of us got two tickets for the next concert of the band .
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at the same time .
However , nowadays , even in rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find employment .
This activity not only improves your body and health , but also helps you have positive thoughts , making everyone feel happier .
Today is a big day for me and my classmates .
Afterwards , we went for a walk .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
There is an increasing trend towards private transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
Although in some places people do n't speak English , you can always find somebody who does .
As far as I am concerned , I think the Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertising campaigns in order to improve health in the young population .
That 's the reason why we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to doing .
Others , by contrast , choose a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set off to live new experiences .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
But consider the reaction of the fans .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects the population the most is Facebook .
Participation in class by asking and answering questions demands more active thinking from us .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
She fell sleep again , did n't she ?
So , I think that the government must do something in this respect .
People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already .
Then , you really must visit the synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car may be convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
Today , governments focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their support .
It was her birthday .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Every year we waste money buying new books for our students .
I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
During a gap year , you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable , you know that , in fact , it is not .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
I wish I could travel every day .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
If they are aware of the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to use it , as they could spend less time comparing all the hotels .
Once a curious novelty that was largely considered a harmless addition to our sometimes dull and overly familiar environment , it was welcomed as fun and informative .
in order to not waste energy .
John accepted his help and told him to come to his laboratory .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
Telephones changed , technology became smarter and allows people to stay connected everywhere they go .
The main reason is that the carved stone balls are different types of stones .
- Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my first kiss too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
I decided to put an end to this and , one gorgeous morning , I started running !
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
The second aspect is , people could help by paying more tax to buy new buses .
While he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
Now that I live at university , my life has changed a lot .
I have experience with kids .
The first day started on an important date … Taco Day !
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits of learning another language .
The scientist gave him " the great , furry waffle " and a lot of syrup .
I kept playing basketball continuously for 4 years , till I went to secondary school .
There are also limitations there .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
Life is beautiful was the recipient of numerous awards , including three Oscars for best foreign picture , best actor and best original dramatic score .
In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
Firstly , cocaine damages your senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep that day .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
Some of them are listed below :
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
In conclusion , I think that we are on track for the next years .
People 's lives will be changed even by policy and the economy .
Thank you for your attention .
I think I have watched almost all the football matches in history , especially when it was the FIFA World Cup season .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
Friends , from now , let us be the ones to protect and take care of our Earth !
Dear Jan ,
Just thinking of it makes me crazy .
They embraced and Alison thanked him for saving her .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Tris 's smile faded away .
We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
When Jake said that , we started to roar with laughter , but then , another friend suggested the idea of making a home movie .
Hello Beatriz ,
Whenever I find an interesting book , I buy it immediately .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
First , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about , but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
Hi Maria José ,
It was the worst mistake that he had made in all his life ....
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do next .
Parents ' words are key to restricting their kids ' actions .
My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
My favorite sport is running .
I passed that test !
I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
But at the same time , we are working against nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are more and more frequent nowadays .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
A lot of young men love wearing jeans and a T - shirt .
I needed surgery on my arm and at least five months to recover .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , 3 months being the period covered by the subsistence grant .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
However , Physical Education is necessary because it makes people less lazy .
When do you want to come ?
The Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
For example , there is no parking space required .
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from minuscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasive .
The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
There are two wardrobes ; one for me and one for my brother .
For example , we can take at least one family member with us .
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
But there are some lines that are way too dangerous to cross .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
The service is really great .
He arrived and the first word he said was :
Although we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious
Therefore , compulsory service in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
She had fought too hard for this life and she would not let their long - standing relationship be ruined just like that .
This year , I finished my degree in Mathematics at the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will start to study to become a teacher .
Another problem is that the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper than the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
Airplanes , busses , trains or ships are here to stay because they are more practical in some situations .
When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? " ,
And the topic of people 's views can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
It goes without saying , we would like to provide the best we can for the development of our children - Tsz Yin and Tsz Huan .
A feminine gay man is considered as less than his masculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and second - class .
The underground is in the airport and it 's very easy to get to because you just have to follow the signs .
Yours sincerely
To come to the point .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
Once the wildlife protection had been able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Dear Jo ,
As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most people recognize - is the automobile .
Thanks and start now . You wo n't regret it .
We do not know what 's coming in the future .
Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
Try to avoid using filler words such as " like " , or " um " because they tell the interviewer that you 're nervous .
Moreover , we still have a lot of things which we can and must improve , like security , comfort and economic resources .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
First of all , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
We met years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
I would like to explain about my favourite sport , cricket .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
With a thousand years of building and fighting for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
It was a real challenge for me to live alone .
We match clothes style with a lifestyle and a personality .
Similarly , Australians have a different attitude to the education system .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do any difficult job .
We are the best team of all .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
Not to mention the fuel .
Actually , they choose the Good Life , because they can not cope with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population has to do everything on their own .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and is around 150 - 300 pesos .
I am interested in applying for this position .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing village .
When I am in water , I feel free and very hastily .
He thought that this was very brave , but he did n't have enough confidence to tell her that .
After that , Michael decided to bring it home because the frog was very ill .
We 're confused , they 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
Hello John ,
Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with family , friends and relatives
First of all , exercising can make you
-Yes but for what ?
I recommend having a look inside , just in case .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Who cares about us ?
In summer Kortrijk organises small concerts .
It could also be possible to clone human organs so that we could have a chance to replace our damaged body parts .
At the end of the summer , I kept on seeing those boys to help them during the school year .
He darted towards the backyard , jumped over the hedges .
Classical art was easier for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern artworks are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you could help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
Hence , I 'm waiting for a good time .
Her utils are at their highest the more she consumes .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
Pavel
after two days he confessed .
In my case , I had to translate a large amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach and you can also go hiking .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a need for teachers which would lead to many new job opportunities .
First , happiness comes from inside our mind .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Then music changed to multimedia .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind , thinking about what is the best pass or when you should run or stop .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
It 's so difficult .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them here .
What is more , parents always consider their child the best .
I looked through the windows and I could see a suspicious shadow .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe , since there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight - loss process .
For the first problem , in my opinion , the school should buy some other apparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happening .
The Miracle Resort , Bangkok
However , we also have to try not to create more rubbish but to recycle most of it .
Scientology proves how the acquisition of widespread knowledge hasn't stopped the birth of new religions . However , ironically , it has made the philosophies of life more dramatic with the mysterious complexities of technology .
Monika
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , and not for themselves .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
Yet , it has still not been built .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
I want to turn to his hobbies . When he is n't working , he is riding a bike ,
The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant - is the place to be on a Friday night .
He had the feeling that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport should be here for many years to come .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
I think you know that I have a friend who is a teacher .
When you get out of the airport , you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you . It 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
It also makes oxygen lacking but more and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
If I play football with my best friends , I am a goalkeeper .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
For example , my parents hug me every day .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
In my spare time I work for a not - for - profit organization as a clown .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one group of magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
There , I studied Geology . When I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
In the new buildings , there are usually dustbins for each type of material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
Everything was dark .
Selene Porras .
Famous people have to notice how much they have , appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
First of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city .
This was the palace of the Chosun imperial queen .
Also , running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
The main thing which makes me love it is maybe the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket . It makes you go to the seventh heaven .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I saw them was near the tiny blue table located in the left - hand corner of the room .
Although I never take lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every day .
And he found out that Sarah was in the hospital .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
Built using the most modern technology , full of the latest inventions which man can create ?
Evgenia Ilyina .
I definitely ca n't get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
For the last ten years , Michael had been working for a well - known company in London as an accountant .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
Sincerely ,
I would like to apply for a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
I think it is true , because a lot of people like travelling by car .
Earlier , regardless of whether the rubbish was recyclable or not , it was disposed of in the same bin .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
To illustrate , my nephew did not get a great score in his test .
What 's more , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
The first 24 hours post surgery is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse needs to maintain cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
I can speak English well but not fluently .
Choo choo pdajd
To sum up , I would say that people will use public transport more and more , as petrol is getting expensive .
You can have a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can admire the beauty .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all the people .
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
Finally , while doing this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and whichever team reaches that number first loses the game to the other .
Additionally , this event is different depending on the areas .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as to what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long - yearned - for respite ?
For example , when we stay in a queue , coming to the cash register and it transpires that the price on the label is more expensive .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literally anything to save a patient 's life , although he sometimes goes too far .
Some businesses require experienced employees and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
Her grandfather , the first doctor in the family , was her role model .
What is my favourite Portuguese meal ?
The mode of playing can be singles or doubles .
This coup had great resonance among American society ; consequently , the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
However , eating is for us a tradition that puts the families together and recipes are handed down from generation to generation .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite attractive and very up - to - date , the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
Film stars and politicians are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities .
It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
I had been well prepared and I carried a lantern .
I hope to have said everything .
We will use the money to build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did last year .
It is generally believed that the invention of the car has led to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
One of these is athletics . "
Working holidays abroad
Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints over which translators must agonise .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will not be a problem .
A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because they fear the massive presence of cars and think they will be crushed .
As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
In conclusion , you do n't have to make a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
During the last months , we have seen a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American filmmakers .
Scuba diving is obviously one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
First , I thought that it was something else causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like that all the time and I just had to get used to it .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
Finally , my apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages .
He pushed the door and went in .
I was impressed by the production because of its valuable plot .
Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfortable than ever before .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him , ever .
I 'm fifteen years old .
And whether this is taken positively , is completely up to the adults and youngsters themselves .
Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with other people .
We think it 's important to respect meal manners .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
This means I can actually go places .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
Watching movies in groups is a great way to discuss different topics , like justice , personal identity and discrimination .
Besides its influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design for future war as well .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what it is about .
I was just a bit worried because there are 28 students in this class , but they are very respectful and clever .
Though public transport is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to get their personal needs satisfied .
It is very true .
Therefore , looking after children aged 8 - 12 years is n't an easy task , but as a father or parent you must always give them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest with their hand .
I 'm sending this email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental education , ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at a convenient time .
He took time to explain each movement and made me understand the concept .
But that is Michael .
And he was right .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
It is the best feeling in the world .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
I think they show it four times a day .
Dear Sir or Madam
About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit longer ?
Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have had immense economic and social impacts .
I write to you to express my interest in applying for the weekend worker job that was posted on your cafe door .
As I see it , the bigger the vocabulary , the better the writing process .
That is why I totally agree with Richardson 's modality dealing with this important issue which is present in students ' , schools ' and parents ' lives nowadays .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead of Spain ?
So , now there is a chance for you to play the god .
My goal has always been to combine speed with quality , using good organization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
Dear Sir/ Madam ( director of the film department )
Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for people that have made a mistake .
l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
The anger will boil over someday .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
No one can guarantee such a thing .
They sing joyfully and build their nests .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
Of course , most westerners were already able to imagine the globe with relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds differed from the one in ours .
I have got a greater passion for engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how terrible the situation in Italy is and I have decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as well .
He had to take the man 's body and hide it somewhere .
Surely the people who will live in the House of the Future .
because there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those without homes because they receive money for what they collect ) .
My flatmate is my best friend today .
Victoria
This magnificent building is situated in the city centre and it was built seventy years ago in an ancient palace .
Good jogging ! !
These variables include internal and external cultural aspects .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcast recently .
Everyone says that our lives are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
Me and my family .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice or thoughts .
From that day , I started to take care of it on my own .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca .
Nevertheless , you learn a lot of things about any sport once you start doing it .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
A feature of volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are scoring points .
The museum is huge and beautiful .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
Yours faithfully ,
The town is not too big but still not too small .
In other words , students have the opportunity to discuss with their classmates in order to solve a mathematical problem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
First , you have to select the city ; New York , Barcelona , etc .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily on a school trip .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during segregation .
Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously until one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save her .
To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
You wrote that you are interested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
Yours Sincerely ,
And I would like to go there with my boyfriend .
But here 's what I know .
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
If you practise you will achieve skills .
But she had no intention of giving up .
We will have to get along if we want to survive " .
Having gone through all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
Let me know about you and your life .
Since yoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common view of many things .
I hope to hear from you soon !
I am available in summer , whenever and wherever .
Global warming is a huge issue these days .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in the same area where I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming pool .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which are used in Hong Kong .
As in Brazil , each country around the world has reflections of unwritten rules in the cultural values .
On the other hand , lots of people using fake accounts are lurking on Facebook .
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
The end .
Last year , I visited one of the most historic and famous cities in the world , Rome , a city where you can find a country inside it .
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
For me it was n't fun at all , so I always tried to skip my classes , and I finally did n't go back the following year .
Owing to those separate characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had expected .
The City Hall is very concerned about keeping the area clean .
I think you could work as an entertainer in some tourist villages around the country .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
Occasionally , her older sister would watch her from the hall and poke her index finger at her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
I could pick you up from the airport by car .
How many times would he have to face this irreverence ?
When one side is printed , they raise the images slightly to make the opposite side colored .
I started to play it when I was ten years old .
Second , for the indoor swimming pool , it generally appears to be wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
They announced that the Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warned that people had to leave the city or go to safe places in the next few hours .
They have faced different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about changing the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
My name is Agustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
" Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . This is a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time as we are driving .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
One basic solution for this is to try not to take a shower for so long but to take a shower with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
However , the use of recycled water for daily routines is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
However , we may not be greatly influenced by their teachings , but by others ' teachings .
To sum up , public transport still has its own value .
Next week we are going to prepare some equipment to solve this problem .
Generally , bands played really well , but , of course , there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
The dissolution of the Communist party was considered as one of the features of the collapse of the Soviet Union .
A very different morning
I suggest visiting the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the country inside the city .
Finally , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
Now in every country we have a lot of means of transport , such as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
Using public transport reduces pollution .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
This is a huge amusement park with many attractions for young people looking for excitement .
Audiences can easily remember the brand name and get a clear awareness and knowledge of Trivago services .
I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn from .
The streets , the cafés and the people formed a beautiful picture .
That is why I teach my children to play fair .
However , considering the complexity of society , I believe it is better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
Then , they worked a bit more .
- Having physical therapy after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
In this way , I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and study at the same time .
I could be pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall in my effort to pull him up instead .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
I think the opposite . I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
I can start the course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
I used to live with them for 25 years in Genoa , but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
So she left on Monday and she landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
I 'm a hard - working person , so that 's why I never have time to relax .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
l love the place , and the nice decoration of the restaurant .
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are against the relationship between the main characters .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking . If they send an email , you must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
Public transport is cheaper than a car .
All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
They improve our health and help people interact with each other .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will make the final decision .
This worked and we could return to driving .
They needed to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
My parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
I hope the charity event you organised with your school was successful .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
In addition , education has already crossed the wealth gap .
Hi Paul ,
So I did n't mind working against time and for long hours .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
His sensitivity is visible through his carefully chosen words , and his decency in his grammatically correct sentences .
I went with my parents and my sister .
Gas prices have come down a lot .
When I got to the door , I realised suddenly that something was wrong . I anxiously turned and looked at the window .
So I always recommend going .
The palace is in the middle of the city , so you can feel the different mood between the 19th century and today .
Those who lose contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards , them but also a lot of love .
For short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
I began to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave there .
Mari
It was a big mess .
Yours faithfully ,
There are lots of guns on the wall .
Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interest .
I do n't know what else to write .
Public transportation will rich , so we can build more stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
That fascinating album surprises not only with the variety of subjects , but also with the strength of the instrumental sounds .
In addition , earning a fair amount of money is essential to building my life .
Dear Sir ,
Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though they have a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
Yours faithfully ,
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
Maybe we are not alone and UFOs exist ?
Yes , you can share my contacts .
Speaking of which , it was n't easy .
Best wishes ,
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
Finally , if you want to rest and have good companionship , go to this house .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
From the corridor an underground pathway led to the basement of the strange building opposite .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant used .
I can share my knowledge of Finland and other countries .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
So wear comfortable clothes and good trainers .
For that reason , encouraging the use of public transport has been the main concern of most modern governments .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed that he is an excellent team player .
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
My pronunciation is not always correct , and as a result , I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
Will I succeed ?
Peter 's head jerked around as the first signs of his crime came to light .
If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
Zahraa .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life .
If you enjoy this sport , just do it and nothing else matters !
In conclusion , I think that public transport should win this battle .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London - based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
According to Hannah Dideck the largest potential is that migrants can use mobile banking to send money home .
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
Right now , I 'm actually on a riding course every Sunday .
Each team has 1 or 2 players ,
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
Students can learn some things from the process of the research .
The cost of buying a car and fuel is expensive for poor people .
There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
The owner prefers to leave only the TV on , but often the dining room is silent .
Dear editor
Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
and the court has one net in between those players .
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality in a person .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
My everyday interaction with my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
3- In the future , people will be more concerned about energy , so transport will be more used .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
It is really very very big .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
For disabled people , there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
Most people would say that running is just the most boring sport ever .
It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , we think about our future .
For me , this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Why should you contact me ?
5.1 .
There may be several colours on both sides of bank notes .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor is also in this film .
We do not have any money left .
How lucky he could marry her .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also kept me in good shape .
A group of young boys was once again doing graffiti on the front of his house .
Introduction
My parents are good guides .
Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thieves .
First of all , you do n't have to take very long trips .
In contrast to this , the religions that have survived since the earlier times had discreet knowledge . However , they had a much deeper impact .
Riyadh is the capital City . It 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Firstly , I will describe how I can help my local environment and what I do that is useful for it .
I heard you are going to come to my country .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
I hope to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I look forward to hearing from you .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
So , let 's say , you have $ 100,000 now . You would have $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
My tasks included organizing sports and other activities for children .
I have more than enough reasons to do that - and they are again , my students .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised for his attitude .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and has a unique spirit .
Can you imagine what it was ?
Public transport is the mode of transport for passengers who can travel from one place to another for less money .
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
Dear Ronnie
Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit the conference , in addition to providing you with a per diem allowance .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look , we will find some sexism in some parts .
For example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
He did n't answer his questions and did n't want to use all his ideas .
With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag , he was a giant walking target .
The academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to cope , because I need to understand it using their language .
And never give up .
When I go there , I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with a good flavor .
Yes .
Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
But I could n't speak anyway .
It 's a basic thing and a habit that we can start easily on our own .
We visited him several times over the years , and decided to take the sweet olive tree home with us this year .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get paid better .
I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to about them .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Those years I was very familiar with the smell of cheeseburgers , BBQ pizzas and kebabs .
So , now I have two main goals .
Anna did n't understand what had just happened .
From the early nomad tribes , to the first human settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never stood still for too long .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
He realised that it was n't raining .
She is only a human being ! "
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these things .
In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinosaurs . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit .
First we went to our hotel .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
Most people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are doing slalom .
Maria
I 'm Catholic . I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
So do n't look down on the bank notes in your hand now ; they are precious .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
In the television commercial , Trivago uses cognitive message strategy .
It is a learning ground for many to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well the as geopolitical situation in the whole world .
Recommendations
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
kiss , Gloria .
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
The second problem was based on the essential role of getting feedback .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protection areas for animals and plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .
I have lived for two years in England and I speak English .
Likewise , something which could change is the materials with which we will build houses .
Last month , I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
And the amount of the city 's parks does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in the city .
I 'm so happy you have almost finished school and , of course , that you are coming to Colombia .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , to the pool .
Thus , the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
After this short description of myself , I would just like to say that I have only heard good things about your summer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to work for you .
- There is a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
Therefore , bravery is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
It 's a torment for every man .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
Also , the phone did not work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
For example , I have successfully completed the " Offshore Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
There are two answers to this question . The first one is from those who say that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
In addition , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emissions into the environment .
Possibly , users might express aggression towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Travelling by car is becoming more convenient .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
Best wishes
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or into the oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results will be translated into millions of people .
Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at all what this man expects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
I have been learning English for 10 years .
The service is very fast . I believe the people eat well and fast .
Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
Eight months working in the industry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
I went to Las Hurdes .
When I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so gracefully .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
After the war , the gold was left in the house .
Hello , good morning .
Will I need to use the phone instead ?
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
As you know , if you have a normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for sure .
Thank you in advance .
My favourite sport is handball . I have played it every day since class 4 .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
Also , Madrid is a nice city . You can to find everything that you need .
It can be really interrupting if it continues for a long time .
The reason is that when you use a car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or bus , a lot of people travel at the same time as you .
All things considered , we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear and , in no time , everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
Above all , one has to learn to maintain sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
I live in one of the most beautiful countries - Ukraine .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
There are just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but you .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all situations .
I think it is time we started adopting environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
Describe a supermarket near your home
This flooding leads to starvation because of lower harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyball and I really liked that .
He was waiting for her response .
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
Rubbish recycling is the biggest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .
Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to play our part in dealing with this global problem .
It would give you all the magic of a fantasy film based on a book .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic jams .
The flourishing cultural life will fascinate visitors .
Mt .
Journalists and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance the the value of them .
I have all the characteristics which you require and , so , am an ideal person for the job .
However , if you are still very stressed , then you should drop one of them . I certainly do n't know which one you should drop . I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to keep fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
but I always say to my friends " If you want to have a fit body , you should register at a swimming pool .
I think that , on balance , it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
I 've seen a couple of advertisements for English courses in our town , but they do n't seem very useful .
I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Four .
First , I am thinking about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmon pink or warm beige ) . I thought you might add some more interesting colors to the list .
Best wishes your bro Bartek !
I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is a lot of information .
It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interfere with their personal lives .
Secondly , I 'd like to tell you some things about myself as well .
Do not hesitate to take up rafting !
It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our education and help us to be more critical towards life , rather than impose its power on us .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .
I was really excited .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
" taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
I had a word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
Her voice was weak and feeble as she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
He broke up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
It is definitely a hard job to do if we want to change people 's culture .
I really prefer doing other kinds of things on my computer , like surfing the Internet , studying English , etc .
Cassie L.
These people have shown the modern world what women in the workplace can do .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
Although experience is extremely important , I disagree that academic qualifications are not important .
Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators worked with very large texts .
However , others disagree with this .
Thus , we should consider this kind of threat to our future .
I have seen all the episodes and I still watch it because it 's so good .
This does n't just save me from excessive gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
In his letter he says that one shot from the film is the best picture he has ever taken .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
They should conserve energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
The traffic jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
Shakespeare has done it again !
In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the facts .
We'll get more and more lonely and also selfish , too .
One of my favorite books is The Power of Your Subconscious mind .
That night , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
Conclusion
What kind of deal can we do with local suppliers ?
To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .
I am a hardworking and committed person in all respects .
- How about the cafe near our school ?
He already knew that he was late , but he could not go now , so he decided to deceive his mother .
accepting applications at the moment .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
We must value time . I hope my country is like a developed country in making the best use of time .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
Luckily , Sarah was fine because the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Please contact me if you need any more information about me .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza . I am a student of Digital Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
She 'd gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
The research shows that swimming can decrease disease .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
If I am lucky , I would apply for an interesting job , but I think that I will apply for a normal job such as barman , working in a factory , etc .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Nowadays , there are many choices for spending our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
But seven years later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to start again .
I am writing with regard to the advertisement published by you , to work in summer camps in the USA .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
Then she tried to calm Mindy down and helped Peter to deliver the baby .
Currently , I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English .
To : whom it may concern
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
Whether to go to work or other places , travelling in a private vehicle is hassle free .
There is the risk that you will not get the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
My family is n't so close and is distributed around many cities in my country . After some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
Her name is irixhi .
He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more rain during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer that it is the right choice .
When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
They are always going to tell me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be happy .
In the chateau there is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
Immediately , I contacted their manager , asking if they could do with some help .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
Pressure exists everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted at you or you have to carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
He bought the best of all presents .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of vegetables consumed in the metropolitan area .
Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or money .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
This trend is likely to continue in the future .
By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
I really like this sport .
Both the movies have happy endings for the leads .
We all want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style
I do n't know what is better ; no public transport , or public transport .
It depends on how you deal with what you have in the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in the reading passage .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
That is priceless .
The Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
The article in the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 , when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
He hated that she was always late .
After that , I practiced turns and driving on the road .
Tom and his campaign
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends the wrong message to the young .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
This is conformity .
One of the purposes of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
It is quite evident that learning ancient languages today is not as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
My village is between a river and a mountain .
Twenty minutes had passed , but Sarah was still inside the house .
Everything was going well except his behaviour towards his friend Kate .
Adam
Because young people often do n't like to be belittled .
I think the job would be perfect for me .
Patrick
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
The next World Cup takes place in Russia in 2018 .
The biggest and best one is the Marina Arauco Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It has two anchor department stores , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at each end of the mall which is two blocks long .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
I am keen on communicating with different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
There are some disadvantages to banning cars .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
Imagine a world without adverts , for a week at least .
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and this can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction with her current status in our society must come from her failure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
Sustainability is about finding the best way to interact with the environment .
Let me know what you decide .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the rings , the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent another two minutes finding the bike and putting the dog in the basket ; at the vet 's surgery , three people were waiting , so Peter was forced to wait .
It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of the job they have .
Hi !
Finally , authentic materials in foreign languages were not found in the school 's library .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
I quickly took my things and went out of the classroom hoping to get home as soon as possible .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
Thank you for your letter .
I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP and MySQL .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all the information at the club .
I hope the information given is useful for you .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
I , and not my sister !
Please write to me soon .
And that 's one thing I love the most .
Hello ! I am beginning to study technical English .
Teenagers have different styles .
To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )
Or sometimes during the day you see horror movies which should not be on .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
MY BEST FRIEND
It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .
Besides , eating with our families is one of the happiest things in our lives .
I spent four years doing one of the things I love the most ; dancing .
I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence demanded , I specialized in Economic Law on a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Finally , the day to come to England had arrived .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the time available after earning my daily bread and , needless to say , after sharing precious moments with my lovely family .
A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Some winding paths and a faraway bridge is also perceptible in the background .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by any other public transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must get it under control and solve it .
They spent their lives helping us to be good men .
The interior is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
The environment is a combination of the air , earth , water and forest and all these things are interlinked with each other .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and , surprisingly , the scene on the balcony was n't even filmed in Verona .
I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take deep breaths .
Barcelona is big and there is a lot of industry , so there are a lot of jobs .
It may cause increasing weight or reducing the number of necessary vitamins which our body needs .
However , does it teach us something ?
To : Peter Jackson
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Try not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline . She had to take an exam .
So , when I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
In addition , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks which help make the game easier .
First of all , adopting a positive attitude is essential .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
At the same time , it increases the confidence of customers about choosing its services .
I would very pleased to hear from you soon .
This show is about four girls , called Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
I always said that I would pass that test and I was sure of that .
Networked educational content is not safe at all .
Therefore , I would just like to remark that family does not mean relatives , but those people with whom you can feel at home .
Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
To have more different experiences , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
On the other hand , I can also see negative aspects of taking a year off .
Montserrat Márquez
Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
Sizdehbedar :
He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
Besides , by employing these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their studies and their jobs .
Thanks for sharing !
That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red . Likewise , in some other cafes and restaurants .
Love : that 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend at least three days there sightseeing .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person acquired in an academic institution .
It is a tourist country , you could work as a waiter in my city .
I receive a lot of calls looking for the previous employee and I have to spend my time explaining what happened to him .
This are provided for people who want to go to a place that is not too far away .
Michael thought .
It brings you directly to my suburb .
Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels the numbers of job in the city .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
Even if we are a small village , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many buildings , such as the nursery school and other buildings that have this system to produce energy .
About 500 meters to AL - Salam Mall .
Recycling
Now I will discuss both sides .
School programmes and technology could be effective methods to achieve this goal .
At school I learned how to cook different types of dishes and desserts .
How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity , in particular , judge my decision ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
But before I knew it , I was asleep .
My holidays
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
He made her feel bad , so why would she not do the same ?
Finally , public transport is cost - efficient .
However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films is better .
My family is a nuclear family .
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
Sportsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
I would like to visit Big Ben and many other places that you suggest , but I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
The car began to chase her .
We wo n't use oil as a fuel .
Students at some schools also have the possibility of exchange programmes , but these can be quite expensive and not every family can afford such an event .
Dr. Michael White
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain .
Here we found some very expert guides who took us on a good tour around the park and the harbor reserve .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Then he saw a woman starting to jump over the enclosure !
He got up as quietly as he could and waited until he stopped hearing his mother talking to herself , which meant she had headed to the kitchen .
I have lived in Kiev for two years .
Now we are spending too much time waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
He 'd put up walls between us .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
If something changes in your life it will be a news item on television , and people will invent rumours about you .
The good thing is : the rest of the time , living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
At lunch , many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the dessert .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
There were a lot of ancient things , such as clocks , cars , weapons .
Unfortunately , in reality it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
The diagrams vividly show us the process of making banking notes .
This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
Moreover , you will pass between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
While I was listening to Noman , I was discerning that I should question more .
He has given me a large amount of motivation , which led me to come all the way from Canberra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
Of course , everything always have two sides .
Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
But time changes and things change with it .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks in the opposite direction .
So public transport 's importance is decreasing every day .
We will research the market demand based on our core products , and produce high - quality products .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson . She 's 16 years old .
I feel happy when I play it .
Nowadays , it is very common to meet new people coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
They can also walk or ride a bike .
The prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to doing this kind of sport . However , once you are into it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Hi ,
Thank your parents if they are alive and think about whether you will be a good friend to your future child .
It changes the person in a different way too .
I think you should go to a large school in a town because there you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not do in the countryside .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
At first , we did n't know what it was from , then I realized that the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
I decided to organise a casting .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by public transport because you can choose where you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Michael had to move from his small cubicle to his own office , he had to adapt and he had to do it fast .
I leave you her mobile number in case you need it : 681234567 .
I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand the inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
However , the family is near you from the day you were born until forever .
Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
It was a truly valuable program for me and it improved my English .
So , we should focus our minds on making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
With kind regards , Catarina
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers ' and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as impractical and unachievable .
Since I used to work as a secretary , I feel capable of organizing sports and evening activities , if you choose to let me do so .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
Well done !
The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; the internet allows us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The area of the Great Wall has been inhabited by many ethnic groups since ancient times .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
Like every sport , it is also a good way to meet people and make some new friends .
Without law , this world that we are living in would not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
whereas the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
Finding the best way to collect and store information for the future is not just a problem in our working life but also in our private life .
3- It 's not a hard sport . In all cases I will not be tired after walking .
In conclusion , people will do what they want smoothly and politely if they wait patiently in queues .
You certainly will learn to fail and win , but the most important thing that you will learn is never give up .
When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .
we have meal manners .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
So , I asked him what his favourite sport was .
Thus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physical skills .
In my opinion , the findings need to be replicated in larger studies before other people turn to video - based therapy as a potential treatment .
I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
" The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
The first time I heard about volleyball , I was in my last secondary school year and we were invited to cheer on a local team during a regional tournament in Lima , Peru .
I will send you a list of them .
Michelle
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
He had been shot in the head .
So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .
Another problem with the buses is that if you take one during certain times , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many more are just as interesting and beneficial .
Every bit of pain .
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
My favorite sport is cycling .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ? With a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
Firstly , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food safety .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire brigade and lied and pretended his house was on fire .
Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
He falls in love with her .
Nowadays , travelling on public transport is an experience who none has failed .
From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
In particular , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
The difference in work meetings between the British and French are that the British want to make decisions and the French like a debate way more , as is written in a guide to Franco - British business relationships .
As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
He also broached the subject of Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important whether it 's developing towards equality or dominance .
All these years .
Though you might be fighting for a long time and getting more and more tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization raise the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
I was far from impressed by all the dumplings which housewives prepared .
In the other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works together .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemical reaction that grows when two people are willing to help each other out of life challenges .
Michael knew he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
I am from Spain .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
I am writing to apply for the post of camp monitor which I saw advertised on the university website .
It would be fair for celebrities .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
So , my bills for water are inexpensive , because I have swapped having a bath to taking a shower .
It is an old city with red buildings .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
Those who have been the targets of bullying can suffer from long - term emotional and behavioral problems .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change dramatically in the next 50 years .
He learns how to compose and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution will considerably increase , affecting air conditions .
The advertisement can show that they are wise by using Trivogo 's service to plan an economical trip .
The lives of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
We need to consider both sides of the argument for public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
Clown Bassie , on the other hand , is an actor in a TV programme for children .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
I saw your advertisement in a newspaper .
Firstly , we have a big issue in global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the globe due to greenhouse gases .
Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used far more widely in the future .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
Sandrine Verreau
The next time such a thing happened to me I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
I would like to go next Friday . Do you want to go with me ?
Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
Short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with financial difficulties .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people .
For this reason , not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
For me , it is just a torture .
Dear Editor ,
On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information in textbooks because they have existed for many centuries .
People who are in fan clubs are interested in touring with their idols .
It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I have always wanted to be part of something like this .
Tell me exactly when you will arrive as soon as possible !
But it is an improvement , to say the least !
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change shape .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
They are used to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
It may help you to choose what to study at university , as I know you haven't decided yet .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
Whatever you use , have a nice trip !
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not take up a lot of their children who are more and more alone and unsupervised .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
Understanding is the most important thing in this world .
Most of the consumers said they would buy branded products .
Hence , the municipal board decided to invite the developers to the meeting that was scheduled for a weeks ' time .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in the case of conception as a result of sexual abuse .
There will be several inventions in the next years .
Because the majority of schools do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
She was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had been turned into a stone statue .
Instead she started crying .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
It is easier to change routes when circumstances change unexpectedly .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
It was her turn to hold her breath .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
However , there are no showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
I would be very happy to get it .
No , it is not rational because according to economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
Nowadays , people use their cars to travel for work , for holidays ...... but if the petrol were cheaper , they could travel a lot .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
If that terrible night did not happen , what is happiness ?
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how much transformation it will suffer .
My wife went with Pedro to the photo machine while I was filling in the forms .
Lionel was Michael 's best friend .
If they are lucky , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
The students were mean and the teachers did n't like me at all .
As far as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluate their own process .
Besides that , I use cohesion which I did n't use before this course .
but nobody was opening their doors .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer for a work permit .
Another good point about this sport is that you have to move all parts of your body .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
I try to never let my personal problems interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I would ask you to tell me , so I can change .
They have more life experience so they probably know what they are talking about .
It was an amazing gold watch .
Best regards
I would like to start off with one of the most well - known malls , called " Donauzentrum " .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so you need some time to prepare it .
I have some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten and done some babysitting simultaneously with my studies at the university .
I have wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
90% of Americans want to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for this leading asset manager .
It 's great for me to write about sports and health .
But you know , the decision is yours and I can just somehow have an effect on it .
It was very considerate of you to send condolences , so please , have my thanks .
Enough to live .
I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , pointless .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes by the seashore .
It consisted of three parts .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
In most parts of Europe , people still prefer public buses instead of cars for travelling .
But , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Next , you can take the bus which takes you to Chiari .
But I am sure it will come out of this strong and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its fans a magnificent show .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
In recent years , the most common punishment for criminals has been prison .
It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have on our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it has turned into a means of communication and entertainment .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the traffic while remaining polite with others , there is no reason to be afraid .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
She picked me up and took me to her house .
I consider that it could contribute to feeding many people and it could definitely put an end to the most unfair problem of this world .
She thought that she could have done things differently , but it was too late to change them .
Actually I have to admit , that film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
It should be possible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
The members of your family indeed are your best friends , but only if you do n't take them for granted , if you respect them and their space and opinion .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
In psychic way , if you are adapated form relationships and make new friends .
To take public transport or not , that is the question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
In France , the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
However , people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality . The big problem is that price is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series in well - known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
By contrast , in general , North America had the lowest rates for deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
He suggested building the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young cane toads from moving through the waterways , the fence is useless .
Look up on the Internet how to do the exercises properly .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
I 'm waiting for you ,
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building , which offers enough space for smaller classes .
We share moments with those people using the same mode of transport as us .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Array of facilities
Also , it is an excellent way of saving the environment .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
Sightseeing and excursions with private local guides are available on request .
With this film , I was able to get a clear idea about traditions and customs of that time .
I saw the advertisement last week in the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
Later in the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason and I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
He talks with her and plays with her .
Being there is like having your own family .
I read this announcement today .
REPORT
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
Finally , it is also recommended to update the books in the library : most of them are quite old and outdated .
My favourite sport is football .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
The longest was at primary school . It lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru . My job would consist in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
Also , you can use the bus .
He had been blinded by rage .
Passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
However , the comedy club is easy to find and is accessible by metro and taxi .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always careful about rubbish and try to clean the village .
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
How come ?
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
There are so many advantages .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
First , parents are a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teaching .
For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
It is called " Les Miserables " and has much to recommend it , including the plot , the cast and , of course , the soundtrack .
However , I know how to cook every kind of food .
You can visit museums , Roman monuments and also the cathedral .
To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
This was one of the everyday inventions that affects our lives .
What happened to all those words he 'd said to me !
As a teacher , I have to talk in front of many students and that helped me to become a better speaker .
Hello Joe
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
In the big shopping centres your purse can be stolen by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
Then you know hockey is the answer .
I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , keen to work .
I like to watch South Park . It 's really funny and I have almost seen all 17 seasons . I also like to watch YouTube videos every day .
My favourite sport .
Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
Michael grabbed his coat and crept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents .
The groups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people of ages 6 to 12 , although I once had a chance to work with a group of young adults as well .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
In hindsight , giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your family .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
About food , I imagine a future society in which restaurants wo n't exist . People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before , food in tins ... so all unhealthy things , which will cause many problems .
I would like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of your summer camps trying to do new things .
There are lots of ski resorts with good ski slopes of different levels with different colours , the greens are the easiest and blacks are the most difficult .
Trust in flying with a horse
There he saw an old man who asked him for help .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait to be admired and appreciated .
The killer 's partner felt guilty for a moment , but then the killer told him : ' He deserved it .
She checked the time , then decided to call Michael .
Our aim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , paper and glass bins .
I haven't heard anything from you since then .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
Of course , I originally went there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
This informal system of justice is being practiced in rural areas of Sindh and Baluchistan .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
However , not all parents have that kind of personality and most of them are confused or use the wrong ways to teach their children .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , because of too much fast food and an unhealthy lifestyle .
Sincerely Nuria
In addition to this , there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city , such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do something more - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
I conduct group and individual training in Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
The majority of users are young or elderly , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
I would like to work with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
In the morning , we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
I am currently a doing Master 's but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow up from time to time with my supervisor . So I have the time for the Fellowship .
The exception is in a doubles match .
All about me
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
I recognized that mechanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able to , so that we can begin to arrange your travel .
They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
What do you think of that , you prick ?
Some people do not want to buy things online because they want to try on clothes , for example .
The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't watch dog movies because if there 's something sad , like the dog dies , then I will cry .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
Hope you will have a good time .
Various announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save the environment .
He would leave me at home or I had to pay him two riyals for every minute if I was late for him .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution in a city .
I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
The attack lasted two endless minutes which were full of suffering , blood and pain .
So I 'd have to say this .
Even though I do n't like places like that , I rather enjoyed this trip a lot .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
The rest is completely different .
How are you ?
As time goes by , technology is rapidly improving .
In my free time , I like to read books and play board games .
Dear Jo ,
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
He had left the key inside his house !
Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should ask teachers to help .
You have the wrong keys and the wrong car ' , said the man .
Some days we go on a long trip too .
It also helps us in our studies .
The answer is simple ; this museum has many types of momias .
Every person will have a plane .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
Besides , attempting open mind .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer than travelling on other modes of transport .
The Brazilian educational system should be aware to develop students ' language skills more .
This has helped keep me young .
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
Another point that I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
With regard to this sport , any advice , in my opinion , is good advice and I have just a single piece of advice for someone starting this sport , and that advice would be to enjoy everything related to the sport .
However , the surprise was still to come .
Which is it the best ?
However , during the winter it can be not warm enough to swim properly .
On the first day before the sports day began , we had the opening ceremony .
That was his entire dream . He was now scared to find out if that was real or not .
Cristina really likes dogs and she is very pretty .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
He competed in a local motorcycle race and won the $ 5000 cash prize .
My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvägen 42 , close to a field .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to get to where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus stop and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
You sent me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
Most of the shops have sales and offers in at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
I am sending you a gift . Please accept it .
But how about the more distant future ?
Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is always good .
The running costs will be decreased .
So you need to be careful of those kinds of people .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
My Husband ...
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some types of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
She discovered that she did n't have any problem with the cabin , it was Mark who hacked it .
The capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
3 ) Grow up .
People have to be made aware about abortion in order to decrease the number of women having abort .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
If you want to visit the south part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the birthplace of the culture . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and seas destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
The best sport ever .
-These dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - explained Snow .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I like TV games and Lego .
Juan
Actually , I did n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we all collaborate to improve it .
Tired of having their houses destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be bothered by floods anymore .
The people are very kind and funny , and it is a very cheap city .
Shopping with someone would be great .
Such people tried to achieve their goal irrespective of the means .
You will not feel self - confident and happy , but your outward appearance will be better .
Today , for some reason , he had this feeling that something interesting was going to happend .
Here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will not have a problem eating .
You also get to meet a lot of people at tournaments or even at normal games .
Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
Which one do you enjoy more ?
He was handsome as hell , well - built and a true gentleman .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
My ultimate aim is to continue my studies .
Football , a passion
I am only waiting to go there another time !
Young people may face some health issues , making bad choices , like drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
In Vietnam , many places are worth travelling to , such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
I 'm looking forward to being there to spend some time with you .
On the one hand , we could take a communication forum . It could share everyone 's thoughts .
To conclude , the world has a complicated problem , so governments and charitable organizations must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
The Countries will have a crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
Anybody can do this sport .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
Eating a balanced diet is very important for everyone , especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
In the end , we heard Michael 's scream .
I 'm sat next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts because I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he will soon find out I 'm a two - celled worm .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what about planning a match involving some friends of yours ?
So there will be more traffic jams if we do not change our habits .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience of looking after children in my town because I have been working in a primary school as a teacher for four years .
I am writing to you regarding your job advertisement .
Ultimately , public transport will be negligible in the future .
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
Tom asked him about insurance and the old man said the insurance only paid 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking at .
There are six main shots : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
On the Charity Fun Day , the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisines .
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle , it was a revolution , where the fish were the citizens .
I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
However , I see sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
There can be no doubt that technology should be a tool to motivate young people .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
I was absolutely terrified as I had to show .
My mother sends you best wishes and me too .
This film is set in England .
At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Have you ever used chopsticks ?
The other participants appear a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
How many times do you go shopping for some snacks ?
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
I tell you , I meet so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
The French army destroyed it before going back to France .
Everyone has his own plans .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
Military service is military training which means people have to join the army or voluntary service for a period of time .
Yours sincerely ,
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game . This is a game I like to play .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic level .
It would be great if all of us had a healthy life .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Recommendations
For a country , robotics could be a new weapon in the future technological wars .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problem that they may face .
Demonstration
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
" And you know what wittles is ? "
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
You are the boss .
After Mia gives birth to her daughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
So I do not agree with this affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
I would n't mind eating there every day !
The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
You should speak accurately and also fluently .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
" What are we going to do ?
The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit on a plane , enjoy your flight and take a break from your business and from work .
We stopped our car at a roadside tea stall to take tea .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
You do n't have to wait till it arrives and it is never late .
Hi Freddy ,
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or Biology .
My means of transport is blue like the sky .
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It would be more difficult to start your own life on your own .
I have something to tell you .
During those 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
Be careful and choose well .
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
I was painting the front wall of the house when a postman came .
First of all , dogs and cats are very loyal creatures .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
Public transport allows you to save time and money on commuting .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
And today I have got normal fingers .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this lifestyle much more than a couple of months .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
If you are interested in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
Second , the theme is outdated , and developing a new design can be a good move to attract more clients .
In Catalonia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expensive .
By letting his older self go , Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
When I was 10 years old , I met my best friend .
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
2 .
She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes it .
" I realized this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
Have you or someone you know been to another country , on another continent ?
As might have been expected , a big city like Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of being copied .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
Imagine working all summer and then only being able to play three games !
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
Football is a great sport for everyone , Men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
I have been really into skiing since I was a baby .
Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
In a nutshell , Gala may have been very far , yet in my heart , it 's just within .
We should use pesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
For example , we are obliged to agree that science has given no answer to man 's doubts .
Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Best wishes
Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
We are also able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the sick .
She looked around the kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think about their reasons .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
Zivile Jureviciute
I am really satisfied with my parents as my indisputable teachers .
Citizens want , at the same time , efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation costs .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I am willing to cover the cost of the flight .
During my studies , I had to make portfolios several times and had negotiation classes , so that will be no problem for me .
The person I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinion , is the best of all time .
In the yard of the castle you will see some cannons and other guns .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she had wanted the day before .
The idea of making a film came up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
Sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
However , Facebook , like many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
This is mainly because , besides it being cheaper , customers will become familiar with the product .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
I carefully approached the window of the house and I saw two men with the paintings .
There are other famous people who do not appear on television and they are chased by reporters .
Success makes me keep going .
I understand that the new programme has some specific requisites related to preservation of analysed samples .
But it was n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realise that being self - employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience to the customers , it was so hard !
Young children try to make an effort , and want to win at this age , and if they train , the results are better and that encourages them to keep training .
Then the main course is the barbecued meat that is very tender and tasty .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and beyond .
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
In this Camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
This could be important for food production , especially in developing countries .
The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medication such as analgesics and paracetamol .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing the event .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know . Although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , residents have a great respect for nature .
First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of the reasons I am about to give .
Car manufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of cars .
Eventually , the most essential part comes . We need to inspect the quality of the sheets .
At the end , I 'm livid and exhausted .
When you need bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct . For example , translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which could make up for the ones lost .
Everybody must have free time to themselves .
But , of course , there will be some channels that are not suitable for children under 18 or are just for adults .
Therefore , with the visual effects , a demonstration is the most effective way to teach the audience to use the mobile application .
The ecological situation is seriously bad , not only in my city , but in my country in general .
It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city , as it is nowadays .
One of the most impressive solutions will be swimming pools in the sky , near area .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
I go to my art class from 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings .
In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time . They could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relationship with them .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality that does n't like crowds of people walking around .
They think they really opened their eyes and woke up since it is so vivid and detailed .
In addition , we spend at least 3 hours with Tsz Huan every day - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
In the Czech Republic , there are many places you should visit .
I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the keypad , the battery ran out of power ...
If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
I kept staring at them with a wide open mouth and eyes .
I had to move it from place to place along with the boys from the group .
That is all .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
You and Jenny are a great couple .
Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede the further progress of our civilization .
Anna
Now , after all those long years have gone by full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have is the memories which were saved by him in a little wooden box .
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
I also like to cook .
Safety issues are also very important .
That is helpful for children and parents .
You have to take very great care when you carry humans .
From a financial perspective , public transportation must be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
It was a long time ago , but , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference between re - use , recycle and reduce .
But it should be at a moderate level .
Hi !
I love doing social activities and planning events .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
Being able to live far from one 's workplace , people can travel far and wide for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
A huge mirror in her bedroom made the child believe that one was able to travel through it anywhere .
I should n't have believed that you would change just for me .
No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
" Do n't they know what is happening ? "
It has been found in the first section that a large percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the female students like to go to the seaside .
Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find some .
That morning , he had math , and after that , he had a science class .
It is large , clean and comfortable and has air conditioning and internet wifi .
We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life .
Finally , cooking is a hobby of mine and I would be happy to work in the kitchens too .
online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can improve our language with the help of the television . Now we can see
Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I find that people consider sailing either a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
Summary of the article " Business à la française " which was written by Simon Kuper .
Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
Should my application be successful , I am available for interview whenever it is convenient .
Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
Finding a new job has become a tough task for all people who have just finished their studies .
I hope that 's useful . Good luck and let me know how you get on .
I am filled with hope .
But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be OK .
We found very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very popular , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
He just does his job , plays guitar and sings as the second voice .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in society by globalization .
ALL ABOUT ME
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
At this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish themselves .
In this course design we have also chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
In both , animals and people are affected .
No words , not a single comment .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 years old .
I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
John drew a sketch to see how it was going to look .
Despite the bad weather , if you travelled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
Actually it was fun and I was able to make a lot of friends .
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
Since I was a child , I have been curious to know how stuff works .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
It is situated on the main road opposite my home .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
I a very good experience .
Actually I love receiving presents .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
As a result , some of the most vulnerable species will face dying out .
Imagine the energy that we can save and the pollution that we can stop .
I do n't have much time , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
The kids started going to a private school .
Recommendation
Conclusion
In the future , we must make an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our children .
Can you imagine why ?
More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
Practice can make perfect .
All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the things I have in common with her .
My mother gave me them for my birthday .
I remember you were saying something about planning to go to India .
As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours in the sun , but it 's a good idea .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratively exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
Dear mrs .
So I did it .
The alternative - Taxis
I like the feeling of getting sweaty and have a great passion for swimming .
Lots of love
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
I had never expected that . I had lost my best friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
A balancing act
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
Something wrong with you ?
Because I want to improve my language skills , I want to go with you on a camp .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
When you are tired of shopping , take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants ; everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
I would like to apply
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it also is beneficial to their environment .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .
That was an unfair death .
Taking everything into consideration , it would be fair to conclude that there are numerous ways in which one can protect the environment and take care of the area in which we reside .
She was very focused on learning .
Together , we aspire to something beyond better .
Those children are too old for babysitters now , but I love children and would really like to work with them again .
I do not agree with this idea completely .
Moreover , people enjoy being free and , therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
There was a time when I used to visit a volleyball club , but I gave it up .
Without a doubt , all parents want their children to be model citizens .
I hope you consider me for the job , rodrigo
I was feeling confused and bad .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can keep them or not .
I used to work with young people in primary and secondary schools , teaching Spanish language .
We would like to thank you for making us aware of the strong sound of the letter .
I studied at Al Qassim University and my major was Microbiology .
Today 's topic is Technology .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are really great .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its food is really tasty .
We have cars so we do n't have to walk . In the same way , people who ca n't afford a car will want public transport , even if a bike could be the solution .
Finally , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please choose me !
The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
And do n't worry if you are not good at sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good . In fact , it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
First of all , I would like to point out that I have some experience in the area , since I have worked as a group leader before .
After they married , he and his family faced a difficult situation .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result , I was late for my departure for Chicago .
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
A lot of us just turn on the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer than him .
I think it is an amazing project that you are doing .
Nowadays , young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity of the pollution cycle .
At first , I could n't believe that I could do this .
I have tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard even for Italians , thinking for
Peschiera Borromeo , a small town near Milan , has an agricultural reality and there are many possibilities for walking around and training yourself for doing parcour .
There are four types of rubbish skip .
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , is that it should be open all year round , not only in the summer .
As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than my job does .
Also , it is nice to see a polite and smiley person .
They use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bird 's feather .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during the vacation .
It 's normal
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living there because it is noisy and there is pollution , so I decided to move to the countryside two years ago .
When you are in a hopeless situation , they have the right advice .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
" Stop the singing !
It was great to hear from you again .
One example is what happened to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child , called Sophia .
She talked to him : " How are you today ? " .
I also consider myself to have great organisational skills .
So , every day I am kept awake .
Not to mention that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
The desserts are very good too .
Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .
The audience will easily think of Trivago when they are thinking about hotels .
When night fell and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
At the same time , bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
In light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city center as a good destination .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
After that , you should go to Medellín . At that time of the year they will be celebrating some traditional holidays .
So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Every day they prove they are the people who care about me .
the subway has become the most popular commuting tool .
Using public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
For , as I have said before , there is no fire !
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take measures to reduce the problems .
Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
Of course , studying in a foreign country also has disadvantages .
The culture is caused by organizational variables .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some . Some things must be included in the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
This street is one of the most popular shopping streets in Vienna .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by just trains or buses .
Hello
I am writing to apply for the job in a summer camp advertised on February 9th in the local newspaper .
Eating with strangers .
Not a good experience for ill - hearted !
People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , can use all of these facilities .
I just think that each of us in our life plays a role , and that being parents is not an easy job , but they should try to do their best .
I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
At the age of twenty years , he got a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough money to rent a flat .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
The clients benefit from professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
Sometimes it happens that a couple who have a child aged from 12 - 16 , quarrels .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
As he got near his destination , the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot Alison 's father with a gun .
I am an assertive and proactive girl who is plugging away towards a great number of goals .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices though I guess that they will be mainly related to eradicating current illnesses .
Then she had found a gate nearby .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy society 's needs and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
I look forward to hearing from you .
She came from a poor family and she lived with her children .
So . I need more information about eating customs in different countries .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
The idea does n't matter , only the arguments .
She went down and opened the door - it was her mother .
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
A few weeks later saw the occasion of their first fight .
For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy city life , too .
I 'm writing to apply for a job in summer camps advertised on your website .
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
I think it 's very useful - and right now I sound like your Mom - to eat properly .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
With the help of computers , young people can meet new friends , find out a lot of information , take part in forums and discussions .
The existing Great Wall was mainly built in the 15th century of Ming . The Great Wall has a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
There is also a garden outdoors where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion on an abandoned island after the Second World War .
Findings
She could be in danger .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Discuss the risks and impacts of climate(weather)-related natural disasters .
From that moment on , my life changed forever .
Last Friday I visited Balla without any planning .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
I love this soap opera , because it shows teenagers ' lives .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently got a second degree in psychology .
If the roads are narrow , the bus wo n't go along the street .
It is surprising the amount of nice people around you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you now have new friends .
This experience would teach you how to work with different kinds of people .
Visiting this small village , you will enjoy rural tourism with charm .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
My favorite is Narnia .
Not only financial development , but also the environment are essential to a healthy city .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the fairy did too .
In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
I decided to go to my parents ' and spend a few weeks helping them with the renovation of their house .
He walked up to her room , where she was comfortably sleeping in her bed .
This might be of great influence on youngsters , because adults are seen as wiser people .
Then you must travel by train or by plane .
I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
Finally , smoking is a personal choice of freedom for everyone .
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
Trivago uses this method to enhance its brand image and competitive advantage , since the value of its services is increased .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
As you know , I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
There will always be some kind of spark , either alluring or repulsing .
Nevertheless , nitrate supplementation did not change the lactate level significantly .
Finally , you are able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
I 'm OK .
Others includes rest and exercise , but they do n't take up lots of time .
However , people have exploited nature since the last century .
Of course , you are in control of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
In 1975 , the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
In the capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd on public transportation .
I know what is involved in late night customer service and how to deal with a loud environment .
These types of culture will exist in opposition in the future as an effect of social media sites .
2 ) Work systematically .
From my point of view , my writing has definitely improved since the beginning of this school year .
As I have said , I have been learning English for the sheer pleasure of it ; but , having come this far , I think it is time to get some kind of formal recognition of my level .
A big family is a great basis for living happily together under one roof , but secrets are strictly forbidden .
Time and place are n't relevant for people to watch a game .
Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
My school is located there .
Suitable dress comes across as effective and reliable .
Subject : holidays are coming !
Kate told Michael that the fame had made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
There , you will see beautiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards .
He actively does hiking , hunting and camp riding .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
Sometimes sports games are full of tensions .
Surprisingly , the producer gets to maintain his profits due to the proportional decrease in price as well as the cost to produce .
A civil servant called him to go to the next room to speak with him .
And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house models that help engineers .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
But he also can be harmfully and sensitive .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , in addition to tasting its exquisite oil .
It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
Sadness struck her heart .
While doing the puzzle , I decided to count how many pieces were left . After counting them , I realized that five pieces were missing .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
It 's a group of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
These aspects or advantages are all that I can say about this topic .
Far from the moise and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will start a new life .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
Also , on the sofas there are many colorful cushions .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and committed .
Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are on holiday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it as a perfect time to join the summer camp , as the dates coincide .
So , if you need techniques for learning , you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
Have a beautiful day .
One of them was the day we went to a concert by our favourite DJ . We had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
Was it the invitation to a wedding three weeks ago ?
He is cute , anyway .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon !
If I have no mobile , I will not be able to work .
Then , dogs can break open the bags and eat the rubbish .
The first step is design , which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
This weather was an obstacle . It was impossible to skate in these conditions .
Best wishes ,
Dear José ,
May I ask you why you are breaking into my house instead of knocking at the door ?
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glass makers investigated magnification glasses and that led to the invention of the microscope .
We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you will give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
Marty
I am confident that my experience and interpersonal skills will strengthen the team .
This crime happened about six years ago .
Its inhabitants get around exclusively in their own cars .
After all the food is very tempting to try and the size of a portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it wastes time .
ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
You need boundaries between you and the rest of the world .
He turns his head to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
I can cook anything , really . Just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
I am so happy " said mother with a tear in her eye .
You should not play the sport just because your friends are doing it . Do it because you like to play .
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language through the different programs that television offers or just use subtitles to make it simple .
We can search for it by browsing or we can also access YouTube to help us .
TENNIS AND NOTHING ELSE
If I were you , I would wait to spend the money .
The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin , or to keep fit .
The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you need to wash dishes or to sweep , you only have to think about it and the robotized system of the house will send orders to each part of the house itself .
Thanks a lot for your support !
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
I have one big brother , he is 14 years old and goes to Mörby Skolan .
In conclusion , young people should behave differently towards their health and fitness .
It is more convenient as you can travel straight to the place you want to go .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they chose .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
Dear Jeff ,
The day before , all the clothes which were inside the suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
It is cooked in different ways .
Whilst , to a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Pasha Shubina
In conclusion , there are a lot of advantages and disadvantages of fast food .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Waste is thrown on the ground and very few people are concerned about this problem .
I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and the MTV channel that I was brought up on .
I walked through the darkness and finally I arrived at a stunning lake .
Biotechnology gives us more food .
Rationale :
I would be grateful if you would send me more information about this job and you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
The public transport system is overburdened today .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
I like trying dishes from all over the world and I am keen on cooking and experimenting with new exotic cuisines .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I consider this to be the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greatest American writer .
She feels sorry because she did not care about him in this delicate situation .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Razan Salib
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Fellowship .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I was really tired !
Best wishes ,
( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .
First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watching movies , swimming , among others .
My advice for people who are starting this sport is to practise playing until they get it .
I was walking in the center of Turin when I saw a big , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police who were trying to maintain law and order because there were a lot of people like me that wanted to know what was going on .
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
Although we were in the same school , we had n't talked before .
Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keeping the town clean and so they 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid pollution and its environmental consequences .
The best known love story of all time - Romeo and Juliet - has been adapted a number of times for the cinema and also made into successful musicals .
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
Bring a glass of water .
Besides that , this restaurant is located in the heart of one of the most popular cities in southeast Asia , Kuala Lumpur .
Many countries build more and more buildings . This affects people 's quality of life .
Hello ,
We hope this letter will make you back down and apologize to the ones that vote for your lies .
We live in an area where the population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when it comes to taking care of the environment .
Dear mum ,
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to use whenever you want .
Dear Chris ,
Michael could not digest this fact , since he could not compromise on anything .
In my opinion , parking charges are too high .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system .
I loved it .
That 's why you can control your limits .
I do n't think you know our national team .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragedies .
It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
This bar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
Best regards
Narwal Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of this program .
If a time period is long enough , like a minute , we can see a strict distinction between one and two .
1 . Is it possible to go without a compression machine ?
Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
Best regards .
In general , shopping is associated with something pleasant , but unfortunately this is not always true .
Yours sincerely ,
I could not cope with the responsibilities .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can notice the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music in almost every country .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
They had never worried about money - all bills were paid by his trust fund .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I give presentations in front of them .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
One of the subjects at school is English .
Do remind me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance service to required customers in future to attract more customers .
I backed off and decided to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping mother earth .
In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to get a job .
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
I think it is very important for children to have fun in the summer camps .
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. next year will begin at 150 thousand o pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
He had a girlfriend called Sinha , who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
The pain was excruciating but I just had to move on if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
Hey ! how are you ? How is life ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of cycle paths .
But it does not mean that the child has to abandon his dream of acquiring an education .
I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
The two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes and personal finance .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
On account of all this , it is easy to understand why my perception of Seville has significantly changed over time .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
When they were in Sweden , I was at their concert and after that my voice was almost gone .
I agree that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but that does n't mean it has no future .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
You do n't even notice how hard your body is working because you really are enjoying yourself , and I think that 's awesome because it just makes everything easier .
Is there no future for public transport ?
Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
So TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort was put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society .
My tea was brought out with a teapot and a small hourglass timer and I was supposed to wait 3 minutes before I poured the tea .
You can buy almost everything there : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
The dominant colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
Speaking different languages helps me to communicate with people in any country without problems .
Witness
This technology will be improved further in the future .
Furthermore , it 's easy to find out about these valuable discoveries .
Ross is Monica 's brother and he is deeply in love with Rachel .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
It keeps me fit , healthy and full of energy .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting at The University of Texas at Austin .
Introduction
A literate reader knows the object - language 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects for people who are obese .
Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
In addition , zoos help to find mates for endangered species .
These days , people are educating themselves by watching the television .
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work .
I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very important to know English .
I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , so , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used them as cones .
Her brother picked up her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop . Then the boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Chiara
Here is some information about us .
Maybe so many people like it because there are so many services with it .
I started swimming at nine years old .
But one of them had died a little while ago and he was the one who protected the crown .
What I think is stupid is that most people usually hide their faces behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
They can be eaten any time of the day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
This essay will argue that genetically modified food could be the way out of the problem of food deficit and this will be done by focusing on its environmental benefits and increased food yield .
My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
In the biggest cities around the world , the traffic is nonstop and increasing every day .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than the others .
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
However , the soundtrack was awful ; it did n't get having a scared .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
In the first place , few people knew about this law , and , of course , most businesses opposed the idea .
We were , obviously , sad because this amazing time was ending but happy as well for the memories we shared together . I will remember this vacation for the rest of my life .
For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it gives us the sense of nature and fills the house with joy and happiness .
His mother does n't know about this , but she is worried about him .
In the future , adults that are able to obtain more achievements and be more responsible , and you can have a good social life if you compete in or do sports .
When there are students with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
But I could n't find the remote control . I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
With best wishes
Suzanne
Many people think it 's not really a sport .
Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
These are some reasons why I love mountains and why I spend most of my holidays there .
I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meet .
You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
James Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
However , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is waiting for me .
I usually play three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
Gradually , we got to know each other and soon we became best friends .
I went to France with my friends and my teachers .
As a member of the student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
Take care of yourself ,
It 's important to avoid accidents , be comfortable and have a good journey .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a special atmosphere .
There are three advantages of public transport over private cars that I want to describe .
Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air , and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
So we rushed out the restaurant on suspicion of theft .
We can change everything that harms us if we need to , if we have the will .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
I hope you will consider my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
Not only are the bedrooms rather small , but they are also quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
The law of the jungle is not appropriate here .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing the audience in that situation .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught the worldwide media 's attention .
First of all , could you provide me with information about the total cost of the package ?
It was pancakes and egg with bacon .
16 May 2014
Brands - pay more for better quality ?
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
I found three people skating , and again , a new kind of skates , and new methods .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
I imagine its streets crowded with workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
While the metaphor comes from the sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations towards God . . .
When I was a child I wanted to be a doctor .
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
53% of the male students never do that ; while 50% of the girls stated that they try to go theatres and operas several times a year to expand their horizons .
In their minds , it is all about having fun , but is that really what it is ?
People often forget how important it is to help save the environment on a day - to - day basis , yet I believe it is not only the first step , but the most important to public awareness .
Anyway , there are also some disadvantages of shopping .
By Pravinija Mukherjee
The real question is , do they want to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
She seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bar .
His advice helped me to increase the sales of our main e - retail partners .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English , but now I can see how important it is . For this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
The main character , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is jailed for stealing a loaf of bread in a bid to prevent his nephew 's death .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
There has never been any intention of hiding the truth , as you said .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewellery , clothes , accessories , gadgets , books etc .
Do you know any language schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more money .
Michael may become a great musician someday .
For instance , sitting in traffic jams always steals a lot of our precious time .
On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nowadays .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can wear on special occasions .
Alessia
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the job market . Travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Yours faithfully ,
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you , I recommend you to buy a pair of good grass boots .
Needless to say , Michael could n't have been any more deceived than he had realized , because the unfortunate thing is that when he was doing his walk - through in all of his department the inventory that was supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down on our daily trash production .
Michael was terrified .
This kind of action , when performed collectively , requires coordination of efforts and an ability to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
Could you describe her to me ?
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to do her that favour and he could n't say no .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , followed these ideas , this city would definitely be cleaner .
Truly , knowing one 's limit is the first step to bringing out the maximum value of one 's talent .
I appreciate your attention to this letter . Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions .
Only by constantly following my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronger .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
On the one hand , we could live in a more relaxed way ; on the other hand , we could think about settling on other planets .
We stayed there for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a small part of Trapani .
It is true that there is an increase in violence compared with the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is a better world .
It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
In this area there are a lot of clothes shops and supermarkets , but there are n't any sports shops .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable to own one .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to parents . For example , they do homework , go to sleep at regular hours and come back home after school .
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which should remain a secret for other people .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person who is always there .
Not only should the government make laws to control the situation , but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of money to be played .
Thank you for your time . Have a good day !
For example , if you are in a hurry and want to reach the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
Anyway , I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
Jason Statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear as Dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
Second , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is fast and convenient , because one can buy all types of things together .
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
It is about two men and one woman .
As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
Garo ,
When thinking about what the lives of people will be like in the next 50 years , the first thought that comes to my mind is a person sitting lazily on a sofa that can adjust itself to his / her will .
Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
There , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world , which will make you freshen up .
Other than that , public transport is also not good for natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
Today we have lots of sports .
Nobody opened .
There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , start suggesting the best products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
Some people prefer playing together , but there are also competitions between players .
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
To the Mayor
It is well known that physical activity contributes to improving physical and mental health .
I was in this team for 5 years and that made me even better at football .
On the one hand , it is environmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars .
Public transport can not rival the sheer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
I have recently bought an electric car as a substitute for my traditional car .
The waiters who work here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are able to make their customers satisfied with the service .
The roads can be frozen .
As for disadvantages , at present , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
Ritesh
On another day , I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the principal concern when choosing an occupation is salary .
Yours faithfully .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
He worked very hard in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
It made me fit and strong .
In every way , in every form .
If all of us used cars , the levels of pollution would be incredibly high .
Dear Paul ,
On the one hand , without their career , they would be as normal as we are .
Have fun !
Best wishes ,
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires and is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
I work as an accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving my English is really important to be more competitive at work .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Dear Camp Director ,
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to what might have happened .
He got to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages . It 's also very useful for some people .
In order to help organise sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
No doubt travelling by car is quite a lot better than going by public bus .
He then saw a young woman waving at him .
Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
Lucía
Nowadays we all hope that public transport can save the world .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
Maleficent is sad and she makes apologies and she kisses Aurora .
Actually , in his honor I had a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because there was n't a better way to pay homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential . They are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself . It causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronic engineering .
They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would marry her .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket for the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
Who classified those countries like this ?
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
This fact allows young people to do exercise and enjoy themselves at the same time .
Most of the homes have walls , doors , windows and are built on solid ground .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
There is a lot of private transport in the streets .
Eventually , I slowly opened the door and went out of my room .
Also , the effects of those actions would be huge and would help improve the environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Companies need to create a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several years of teaching experience .
And terrorism is scarce also .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
Hello Jo !
In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there is an ice skating park .
Best regards ,
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next decades .
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
Regards ,
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in previous centuries for medicinal purposes and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing pollution
Travelling by car can give you a certain status and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
These are both amazing because they are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Roman monuments , while Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
It clearly presented that its search engine can help customers to compare the prices of over 150 websites of hotels in the world and find the best value hotel .
There you can practise different sports .
As you gradually grow up , your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
I have experience of arranging different sports activities for children .
Jackson stopped walking and was distracted by a beautiful dog Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
Hans Feurer has been a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
Since television is able to reach a large number of people during a short period of time , more potential customers will be exposed to its service .
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
The support act was a rather unknown band but they were really good .
Besides these , public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
Sarah could never have imagined that the sneaky boys were hidden inside the abandoned house waiting for her entrance with eggs and tomatoes in their hands , ready to smash them into her face .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my homework .
The problems were n't very significant so we overlooked them , but now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
I have seen Momiji .
Since he had entered the building he had had a strange feeling . When he arrived at his office , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It would be amazing !
It was the unofficial end of the relationship , the decision before the actual talk .
Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken down car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
I 'm sure you 'll find something for you and you 'll enjoy it .
I was assigned to work on a project of CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
But they are surprised .
So , if someone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area where he lives .
Finally , if it is a good sheet , the procedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
At the same time , it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
In my family there are five people ; my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
Have you ever had this kind of experience ?
My classmates and I along with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
Students need to take active participation in discussion with their peers .
In the US , millions of people are stung annually and some have died from their injuries .
They will pay you a reasonable salary .
Education does n't depend on current affairs or related concepts .
I think it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usually eat .
The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
Good morning , everyone !
However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
Some people argue that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collections from its budget .
I would recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italian or French teachers to persuade them to teach in schools instead of giving private lessons .
In my opinion , he 's a hero of our times .
When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
However , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountains .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you will admire .
So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
It helps me keep healthy .
He can remember his name , Thomas , but that 's all he can remember : everything important has been wiped clean .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows changes when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his classmate at school .
You have to set a time to do your tasks .
Some people think that football is a bad thing because the footballers are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like that .
The aim of the game is to score the most points .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
An example could be to have free entry to the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
Thank you
I was born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a big problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
" What are you doing here , pests ? !
They'll be glad to help .
Yours faithfully ,
Our authorities are more careful about the rules and regulations ; hence no - one can disobey the rules .
I would be so happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
Then , in the 18th century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the Spanish war of independence .
Thank you so much ! ' .
One of the reasons is that they are poor because they can not get a job .
As the day went on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
Their acting is spot on and the costumes are magnificent .
The answer to this question depends on where you live .
The promotional objective is difficult to achieve .
I want to describe the story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
Another option is the possibility of having solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
We believe we will continue to make progress and make our home a better place to live in .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
To him , it felt as if time had stopped for a moment , but time , as time always does , kept going .
In terms of food quality , the standard is extraordinary . They are well known for their roast meat .
Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I usually help my parents every weekend .
I 'm gon na go now .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge of Polish culture and eating habits as well .
Thank you in advance ,
But the daily duties which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succeed .
In the morning , I needed to get to school and , in the evenings , public transport helped me to get home .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It is not an easy task to explain the importance of this exam for me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind that requires a Cambridge certificate .
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of our country .
They told every dream to their dad , and they knew he would enforce it even though , under the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
She smiled and said , " wait for some time . I will finish my body massage and then you can join " me .
Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
Snacks , fast food , fried food and sweets are part of young people 's lives as they can find them everywhere : in the shops on the street , at parties and in shopping malls .
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Regards , Alex
Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent that we will never take public transport again .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cup , organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Association .
It is unquestionable that some research found significant improvements .
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
We are using up our vital resources at a fast pace .
I have always tried to live for the future and not fret about the past .
Pieces of furniture , namely chairs , tables and beds , would remain unchanged .
Granny has straight grey hair , deep blue eyes and a tiny nose .
Last time I was so impressed watching " Fight Club " by David Fincher .
" How could you even say that ? I would never ever do that to you . "
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at least , use public transport ) , because it is environmentally friendly !
As a matter of fact , I have been camping since I was 6 years old , and for this reason , I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in love with that girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . She said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that would change gravity to low levels and for a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them out of the city onto that mysterious island .
After that , we can go to a cafe and have some good coffee .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
Dear Mr. Tipple ,
He gave arms to the whole city .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball , too .
It 's really good !
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
As a result , I enjoy studying accounting .
So , I would say those types of acting are equal in terms of external factors .
I am looking forward to your answer .
As I said before , every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
The keyboard had a lot of buttons and the screen did n't have any colours .
Before I started university , I had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally renowned restaurants .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan . Because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
If we disturb a fire ant nest , they will relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into our body .
The aim today is to provide you with a description of my best friend .
I can also help organise any activity , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with children between the ages of six and ten years old .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and , because of that , really enjoyable .
Cultural Life
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recommended him .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
I always want to be with him , talking , laughing , smiling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
The television can entertain , and also educate people .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
Interestingly , Scientology practitioners use technology to prove their hypothetical statements , for they have constructed machines that exhibit the workings of brains through waves and software that questions a practitioner and provides him with a solution to his worries .
Nowadays , pollution is a problem that we have to solve before it gets worse .
Michael went into a couple of rooms until he spotted a room that said ' Anger ' .
Studies have shown that your self - esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
To sum up , I totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal , do , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are caused by social networks .
Now , thanks to the pump , the hot water is able to reach the upstairs rooms .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
I can speak English and I really enjoy doing so .
no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
Therefore , the Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Fate may play a role , but you still have to try and bring out the best in yourself .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital , like Red Square .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems for teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
Naseer Khan was an able general , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of the famous Pani Pat . "
This place is also famous for good coffee shops .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
This ancient type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the world .
I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
There are plenty of free sites with content that is far from moral ; many computer games involve cruelty .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bus timetable which coincided with the train arrival times .
It makes my body healthy and strong .
Through Twitter , users post opinions or comments restricted to 140 characters .
I watched a movie called The Help .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
So , I hope to be a great candidate for this job and to get on board with you .
Hi my name is Robert .
She tied the boat with long and very strong fabric made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane . She also used nails to attach some new and more resistant wood to the boat .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
It is true that coeducation can motivate students while they work with other sex students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the only solution to get the best result .
Dear friend ,
This is an introduction to how to make bank notes .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
Conclusion
But which one , public transport or our own car will we be choosing more often in future ?
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
Third , supporting recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard waste , for liquids , and the third for clothes .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away .
I think that this job is for the children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
The best thing about this sport is the feeling .
It 's a pity
How are you ?
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
They are very good pupils .
Recommend to friends what country they should go to .
Now some scientists have suggested having warnings on some types of food and drink .
I can provide extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was in an unexpected situation .
Then employees are able to suggest the best solution . This approach is developed in formal education .
To begin , the reason for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
You get such a warm feeling .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time , since I was a kid .
When the weather is good enough , close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and entertainments .
We could go to the most representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
The city where I live is a small village .
It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude that had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
care of the environment .
Stop it . I have been single for a while .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers , each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air pollution .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
There are lots of facilities , such as sports centre , a ping pong club , a hire centre etc .
On the one hand , private cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
The biggest threat is explosion .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , which has made me a very good cook .
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I get there , for example , Piccadilly Circus .
Best Regards ,
I look forward to hearing from you .
TV PROGRAMMES
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
She 's gorgeous . If she would only take off her glasses maybe other people would notice it too . '
Last but not least , we could create an association that could be in charge of receiving books at the beginning .
She looked at him and he thought she was still beautiful .
Dear USA Summer camp
In addition , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
To sum up , as thought cars are too convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
I had to write a dissertation and a thesis and , I will not lie , these writing processes were very hard , but I learned a lot about academic writing .
I have also studied English for ages and I think that I have a good level .
Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
In my opinion , people use television for distraction .
You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
You might think , ' why is that ? '
I have had two previous jobs .
Our country has been called a " melting - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
Bridget Payne
The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through the medium of technology .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am , as I already told you , organised .
The man ran to where his friends were and sought a police officer .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
He was torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything is worth trying just to be able to skate again .
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van were generally higher than those at the indoor swimming pool .
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Asperger 's syndrome from the perspective of Patrick , a trainee medical student .
The aim of this report is to examine the possibility of hosting the European football championship in my country .
But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Everything was dark except for a ray of light that probably started at the end of that .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are able to pollute the planet less .
Most people eat scrambled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around for years and in every country as a means of travel .
The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
We appreciate kind and hard - working people .
Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
What if they change into some monster they can not suppress ?
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive .
First , small stores provide products with more unique features and different selections .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
I lived in a hall of residence for two years .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good . It is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
That situation must have been terrible for the population , but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
There 's nothing like eating !
And if we compare the money you spend on a car and the amount that you spend on public transport , it is less .
On the next days , we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first suggestion .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which have been grown by local farmers .
He was now puzzled and frighten too .
Tom had a first drink and looked around the place .
It is a work of art indeed .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
If I were a football player , I would like to play in this team , but I think that it is very difficult , because only the best players get to do it .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I had done my job .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Internet TV is increasing
Great Eats !
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and being happy as a group
your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
The aim of this report is to inform you about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
I think Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
It was awesome !
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
Thanks to it , I have met a lot of people who share the same interests as I do and I have discovered some of my favourite TV shows .
I 'd also like to know what resources the school has .
You can see how places used to look and how they look today .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
But why ?
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life at the moment .
have sent me your CV after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted me again , so I did n't ignore him .
HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
He wanted to hide somewhere but he could n't think straight .
It was the third day of my visit .
About working in the kitchen . It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
Photography classes for everyone
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
You should take no bags or backpacks along when you come to the interview .
He felt a rage and a fear of discovery . " Why is she singing ?
In winter I go running for half an hour in the afternoons , but in summer I go out and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
I hope you will write back soon .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
You will have a great time .
In the evening , I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
Celebrities and their lives take intrinsic place in the lives of contemporary people .
Industrialization gave us the ability to mass produce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be free to move .
Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
You have to consider this and go jogging tomorrow .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
He is arrogant , but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to make new friends .
They are sincerely managing waste and avoiding carbon - generated products .
Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
In my opinion , it could be useful hardly ever times , so a great number of improvements will be necessary .
Currently , the local modes of transport available are buses and taxis .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong with letting kids enjoy the technology that has become part of our generation .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My friends have bought tickets to Sochi already .
Is he a romantic and a killer in one ?
They threatened all the people cruelly , so all the sightseers were angry with them .
I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russian .
Now youngsters have open access to knowledge and information through the Internet .
I heard a voice behind me saying :
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which acquired a broad and irreversible character .
No no no .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues who wanted to get the world record of the best time for the 100 m .
Dear Jane ,
As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the centre of the town .
My dream for when I grow up is that I will travel a lot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
I am writing in order to apply for the position in your Film Club for students of English .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the petrol station where we once left your car .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the next 50 years of your life .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
Of course , if people do n't have a driver 's license , they ca n't drive a car .
The most interesting thing about ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
He started with some jokes so that they would feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
I hope you accept my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study at BSC in Oxford again .
Everybody likes to have the freedom to explore the internet .
Kunta was sold to a slave master in South America .
My wife 's name is Maritza . She is 30 years old . She is a beautiful and joyful woman . My son 's name is Rafi . He is 3 years old . He is a very handsome and fun child .
The worst part of the story was when he told me that he was going to have lunch with his friends .
On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water on producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
In this way , you will do hard exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example video games , made for this other form of entertainment .
However , the main disadvantage of the disco is that it ends very early , at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is open until 2 am .
Now , what do you do at your school and at your home ?
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
This restaurant would be the best for our class .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
I am of the opinion that more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
I totally agree with this statement .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
Computers did n't have any programs and as a result were limited , boring and tedious .
This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought , " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
The slaves , who constructed the pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph to thanking my wonderful teacher for this opportunity to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday or to get around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to a timetable .
Third , lots of green areas .
During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports and activities .
Many people come to the park for a picnic .
A historic building in one of the most luxurious places in Barcelona .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
At the same time , he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
Anna 's mother looked at her tenderly and hugged her once again .
Do I think that public transport will disappear in the future ?
However , I believe that their functionality will change .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
My second piece of advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with your teammates .
And what about your book ?
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
The main reason why I wanted to try it was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
It was three in the morning when the phone rang .
There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
I went to Italy when I was 20 .
Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars to travel in the city .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think it is more comfortable and flexible .
New methods are continually added in the literature and show the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
Let me know if you are interested in getting to know her better .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
Not everyone can afford to travel by car every day , so they choose public transport .
The detectives analysed what was in the glass and it was poison .
When you want to travel the world or just go to visit your parents who are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
Much time lost could have been saved with a few phone calls . For example , waiting for half an hour in a queue could have been prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived there .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
It is not true that public transport has no future .
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working with children since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
Michael sat on the bus and took out his diary to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
Restaurants and clubs
To sum up briefly , I would like to say that there is a special branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
That way , everybody could benefit from your spa .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
Victoria Rosie Skye
We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
Therefore , parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagers .
Laura Piccio
They were all keeping their fingers crossed .
Overall , the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situations where abortion is given as an option .
Date : 27 September 2014
Oh , my wife is clever .
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
He imagined he could fly like a dragon .
There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
I 'm a 25-year - old male from Russia .
In my case , I really like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week but now I do that any time I can .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my viewpoint are stronger .
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
People are afraid and we need help urgently .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
My experience of this job is extensive .
Not only because of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the car , the parking fees , etc .
If I am hungry , I can order some delicious food online .
He hardly ever drank alcohol , but thought it would be impolite not to , as he had been invited by his colleague .
He said yes .
While the fact that those buildings are not seen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequently caused by a lack of public funds .
Also , people think that travelling in cars is faster than on public transport and I agree with that , because the bus or the underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many different traditional foods in my country , so you can try different cuisines like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
let him always reach his working meeting on time .
I am convinced , that in spite of cars being comfortable , public transport will constantly develop .
How are you doing ?
Helping at this concert was a hard work but very inspiring .
The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and went downstairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
By using Trivago 's services , customers can search for the most economical price of hotel room to gain benefit .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinists .
I hope I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is the truth , and I love being honest . I know , as soon you put your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He became HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages and this ability turned OUT to be useful in his job .
I took bad diet . You might come with me !
Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
Yoga calms and vitalizes body and mind .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
In recent years , people 's attitude has been changing .
Monica and I called out her name and we slapped her face .
Some people desire to have a comfortable and pleasant journey with lower prices and the freedom of choose their favorite accommodation .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
This would help the farmers to know the latest techniques and trends in agriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the concerned specialists in their field .
Music style and
On a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
It is n't good .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to the past ?
I really want to get this job .
One advantage of zoos is that they give people the chance to see and learn about animals .
Reality is killing me .
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , so you should bring light clothing .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like amongst all the trash because of the wide variety .
I 'll do it .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering its background first , is n't it ?
We have reached an age of high technology .
Moreover , their concentration is reduced .
But there are a lot of funny stories , like Phoebe having her stepbrother 's children , or Joey becoming a great soap opera actor .
There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of petrol .
Since that moment , my life changed and now I go everywhere with " Yango " . That 's the monkey 's name .
Driving a car requires fuelling it with gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
On the other hand , many people prefer visiting other countries .
In a matter of seconds , he fell to the ground , choking .
In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
If you want to start to play football , my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you might hurt your bones or muscles .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
Dear Umair ,
As well as being a great way to stay fit , basketball can help you to make new friends and make you a good team player .
After only three years , he joined the Benetton formula one team and two years later he won his first driver championship .
Later I was at home at dinner time and had some dessert .
City planners and transport officials must ensure that frequent and reliable public transportation is available for each citizen .
The video showed us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
Yours faithfully ,
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math , together with computer programming ,
I was impressed and I find this a good feature of his personality .
During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
SILVIA
There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
Everything was new to me and very exciting .
He tells the boy that they are competing with others to win a tank , so the little Guiosué does n't realise what is really going on around him .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
I had n't met her since the beginning of the previous February , and that was five months before then .
A couple 's coming slowly down Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be the boy 's baby sister .
Do n't be late .
On the other hand , she has never been a talkative girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , whereas in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak with vegetables .
However , the layout of the terminal was unknown to me , so I was completely lost .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified , as I was suspended above the ground .
Well , I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came into my life .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of the Vietnamese food market will be reviewed , combined with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
At the same time , they gorge themselves with every kind of food they find in the refrigerator .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
I want to have kids and a family .
My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .
We can take a trip by boat .
I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say .
However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and care , it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
He had already thought about that so he grabbed a blindfold and put it over Elena 's eyes .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
Often , people who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from the 11th to the 20th century .
Once , Lora came to him and told him that she was sick .
The two hours that you will spend watching the movie will become unique in your life .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
An intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
The registers of the film said that they wanted to create a film without time , and they were able to do this .
The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .
I love to write .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that society wants to know as much about them as it 's possible .
We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from books about children .
To achieve his goal , he trained a lot with one of his colleagues and he gave no importance to the judgements that people had about him and his ambitious desire for victory .
Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremadura .
At first , the police detectives thought one of the special gangs had stolen the painting .
Firstly , demolition is partly caused by how valuable the old buildings are considered to be .
He had forgotten he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
I really get a lot of pleasure out of doing it .
Playing in the sand , burying one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
Director of Monroe Solutions
He has a strong voice that , with his appearance , makes him look impressive .
If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
I would be able to start immediately .
There are four steps to boiling an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
I strongly oppose this statement because handling both these together is easily possible with strong willpower .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .
It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes individual and collective work .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cup and that changed the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket , you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people to improve themselves .
Last century provided us with countless opportunities to be more mobile .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
His hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
A representative to carry out an investigation so that the town takes care of the environment .
Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed doing before the accident took place .
My favorite TV series is called " Lost " .
Yours faithfully ,
There is good pay also .
Michael had always felt alone and he was fed up with that situation .
That is why appearances should not have consequences in our lives .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents about purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
When we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changed . We did n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation about myself .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
-"What do you want Stacey ?"-
Families ca n't dispense with cars .
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
When I was young , I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things like geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
Once he got to the laboratory where the pancake was made , he told the mad scientist that he wanted to eat his waffle .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles have also changed .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
Next year I 'll be a PHD student .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Hello Alison ,
To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were visiting from a different city .
Often , after school , I babysit my parents ' friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Conclusions
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
They should be able to enjoy the same rights and responsibilities as EU citizens .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
I do n't know how to study English and for this reason it is very difficult for me .
I absolutely disagree with this statement .
Are you okay ?
I am writing this letter to apply for the post advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Drama Club
Films do not occupy a great deal of my spare time .
Write your local congressman .
People spend their first salary on buying a car .
See you later .
Coyle 's right ! "
I am a 25-year - old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summertimes .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
If you want to visit me , you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participate .
Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food - science - related topics .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
It took years for people to recognize that their senses of smell and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Then Robert smiled and giving his hand towards hers , said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever suits you .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so it can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of water .
I think that it all depends on the development .
First , to travel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow and limited little space on the seat of a plane .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It 's really important to be tall because you will score points faster and better .
He is a soldier in the military in Thun , where he works as a teacher .
But there 's a thing . No one has enough money to buy a car or maybe two . That 's why there are a lot of people who prefer public transport .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
Second , was lunch at school with something like a sandwich and some fruit .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
My country is a very interesting place . We have a lot of ancient and mystical places .
I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas students .
You are late for your death date "
We will explain some concepts that we will use later in our analysis .
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
Teresa Wysocki
Then , he got to know that there was a class that provides homeless people with skills for cleaning floors for free .
Some people live very far from the bus stop .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
Languages for the future
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience , you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
When I received an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excited !
Maintain eye contact .
She was on her way to the court where Michael was practising when she heard guys talking .
The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : individual- , group- , and organizational performances .
There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting into the central business district .
By Doing the household chores , like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay for parking .
In this opportunity I 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for going out at the end of classes .
The author starts his discussion by discussing his particular passion for Gothic architecture , and this passion is rather vivid throughout the entire article .
They look after me and help me when I am in trouble .
She was surprisingly open to the thought that I could try it at least .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
There are some issues that make me worried . The environment is getting worse . We have to come up with methods to solve this and save our Earth .
And in the afternoon , the centre organized a lesson for agility dogs .
I play football twice a week at least .
The place is reminiscent of the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club had an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars for his effort .
With the process of globalization , people are eager to know about other countries more than ever .
You can learn correct postures in classes .
Suddenly , he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to the granny 's room , we saw a smile on her face .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transport .
A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to calm down and to collect the art weapons left over by the graffiti vandals .
grew up with me and now she is my sister too .
Drivers drive the cars at full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than other circuits .
I think Dr Montés fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room " .
It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about its design .
Firstly , personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the security features on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
See you soon ,
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
Nouf .
How can someone know they have got the talent ?
The show starts with the eldest daughter , who lives with her mother , trying to contact her father to ask him to be a part of her wedding ceremony .
Sometimes , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , the audience 's focus may shift from the product to the spokesperson .
Bianca
The most historical place is the Pyramids . They were built more than 7000 years ago .
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially the use of robots .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
In this way , I would n't waste a lot of time .
It is obvious that global warming can be attributed to greenhouse gas emissions .
For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
Moreover , it can educate young people to be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
We also have to keep in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
Dear friend ,
when I joined the Egyptian armed forces , I played for the air defense forces team .
Second , swim can relax yourself .
She 's a journalist from the New York Times .
This book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different place or country .
Everyone is in a hurry .
I love to work with children and that is also why this job would be perfect for me .
Conchi .
Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we do not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
I 'm a really cheerful person and , though I am 15 , I keep up with the kids ' world .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
Thirdly , you will be more confident .
As a result , there is a debate about whether educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
The more oxygen you get for your organism , the easier you will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experienced recently .
It is more possible to lose contact with a friend than with your family .
First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
It could be an example for other cities of how to help and conserve our planet .
Now that mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
At the moment we have a nice house with a garden .
I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
Today I was at the university learning new things .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still has its value .
Some experts say that public transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , energy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of life .
The younger brother is 25 years old .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
In addition , these personal values joined others such as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspects to consider and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used suitably .
YOLO !
I like to dance a lot .
called " Djursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I often go
Arthur went to London for an appointment for a job interview .
So , even if you travel by metro , you have to take a bus or car to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
All that you need to become a runner is motivation and a plan .
For the work at the Green Pepper Cafe .
7Y
Running is my therapy .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I 'm looking forward to your reply .
I like many types of sports but I like swimming best .
Emphatically , I reminded myself that I would n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
Also , overspending .
The final decision is yours .
After these moments , you start doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
I worked on sport events as an organizer .
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
Mt .
Students have to master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academic goals .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdoors , immersed in nature .
What can I say ?
People from almost all over the world attend to participate in it .
I picked it up off the ground .
But then I remembered that when I was 15 I 'd sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
Informative
Knowledge that sometimes is unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
From my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion , seeing the great architectural monuments
When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something can save money for university and they become more independent .
Besides , as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealing with children .
We were thinking that by meeting there we would have a fun night among friends , but we were very wrong .
He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
Furthermore , the monetary costs in the long run are much lower using public transport , both for individuals and for the wider society .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
How 's it going ?
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
" I asked myself quietly .
My hair is brown and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at eleven o'clock and I will wear a read coat and a yellow scarf .
It takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
Tom had joined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital and this was his first day .
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
A must for all tourists , even if they do n't want to buy anything , is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
I also would like to do this because I have always wanted to visit the United States and I love sport .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
Why do people become homeless ?
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
Introduction
During our stay , we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and , on occasion , evening meal .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it often , you will simply forget it .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
In Sweden we have very good education .
It seems that checking the Subject , as an interpersonal element in the clause , can provide evidence of my student - writers ' self - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructed in their blogs .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
This analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
Despite this , our appearance will change . Our fashion will be more technique .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , do not let you rest .
In the Edo period , there was a society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
Focus and go through the given tasks slowly and keep calm .
In my opinion , inside they will still look the same , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , had tried for several years to defeat the Muslims , who at that time , only remained seated in the city of Granada .
It is more likely that adults would use their profile pictures as a way of casually showing themselves , their family , find new clients for their jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
Karate is not just a sport .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
Looking at it through a broader lens , country deficits would be solved , hungry people would be fed , and the homeless would be accommodated .
I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in this job .
But this is not so . Therefore , we must study English .
This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the movable type printing press , knowledge was different for the access to it .
TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness than my occupation does .
Now that we have a wonderful idea , I thought you would want to hear about it .
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " and was directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be the best option for our class .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm also suitable for the work in the kitchens .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with checked safety equipment .
Alberte
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
I 'm not .
But they also were the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The major thing I imagine will be found in the next 50 years is magic .
After a little while , I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room with the open window . "
Travelling further down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
We meet every Monday in the college theatre .
On the other hand , if he chooses to play professionally , then he must try hard .
I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I have a strong work ethic .
In conclusion , using public transport causes less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the place you are visiting .
People drive cars to go to work .
Physical ( hitting , punching , or kicking )
Not all of Russia is always under snow .
For instance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a small street in a laid - back atmosphere .
Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
About fifty thousand people live in the city .
What a boring situation !
And then , the sheets are printed . Operators have to pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports , like football or basketball .
It 's your big day .
I have two lovely kids .
as I see it , it is my job to clarify things and help my pupils to understand .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for his mother .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
Where could be better ? !
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
We feel happier during a conversation when someone has a good sense of humor .
Yours faithfully ,
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second language is English .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
Then it happened .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicated in the form of digital data .
These days , in the castle there is a museum .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings by gifted and famous artists .
I am an introvert too .
But does this mean that the whole of your life becomes public ?
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
- One for waste that can not be recycled .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
I can hardly wait to see you and to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on their iPods .
The gym has many problems that we are going to describe :
How are you ?
It 's no use teaching French in schools , because the French only accept near native speakers .
We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
This was something that could not be argued about .
Therefore , we went to join a sports centre which had taken over organising this amazing outdoor activity .
WiFi , USB port , among other things .
' Good Thriller ' was not my favorite type of genre until I saw ' No Escape ' .
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
How can I use it ?
I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
The acting was smooth and credible .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
Dear Mathew ,
I 'll tell you .
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant was closed for a long refurbishment .
This photo shows me and my best friend .
One day , at the end of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael ran away .
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together current topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
For example , you should take public transport instead of a car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , crowded buses cause infections among people .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
Thirdly , walking gives you a longer life expectancy .
When he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretending that she was tired .
For example , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
Beyond my academic subjects , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
If you believe that the media tells the truth , you are wrong .
That 's why people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
However , this choice may not be the wisest , as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
He usually travels from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
How are you ? Hope everything 's fine .
My friendship with Jessie started on the exciting first day of kindergarten .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
I will always choose health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
Importance of outdoor games
This means you can set the time you want to leave , because you do not have to respect a specific timetable .
Convenience has little to do with the fate of public transport . Countries with high HDI ( convenience to be drivers ) , like Germany and England , are those with better public transport systems , and they are even boosting them .
But this change has a rhythm and it is better to respect it .
P.S
The weather was also good today . The sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
On Saturday they fought and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I have already met many new kind people .
He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but his body was not found .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , and their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
I feel happy after every game .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
My name is Ingrid .
At that time , I was unemployed , so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
I should go in October , for 7 months .
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
Nothing is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friends .
Because of all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great number of people to work there .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
I did not see the planets nor meet any sexy alien girl from Saturn .
On the other hand , public transport pollutes less than the car but the car is very comfortable and not be hour hard .
Toulouse buildings are built with bricks . Red bricks .
But all was not as wonderful as expected .
We are delighted to inform you that the charity dinner was a success .
There are many young people who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers and want to have the same bodies as them .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , we do n't always have enough money to buy items we want or need .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there quickly & freely whenever you like , so you have a flexible schedule .
I would like to hear the point of view of tourists to improve the hotel .
I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almost everywhere .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Could you please answer me with an email ?
In some countries , like the United States , whose respect of personal space is extremely important , the public and the intimate space can vary between 25 feet and touching ( Edward T. Hall ) .
However , a smooth transition to the new approach is still necessary to overcome the massive education - related challenges Spain will have to face in the coming years .
A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in this segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our lives ; but , should it be like this ?
This would reduce energy needed for light sources .
I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
Each character in this play who is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For example : to help ; for their own needs .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
My surprise favorite was the microwaved sponge cake that the chef added at the last minute .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one .
The best part of this game is batting . Whether someone knows how or not , he first prefers to bat .
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and attract the attention of other group members .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we have left behind as we progress .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing . I know this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at at least 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
In my opinion , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it will be too late .
I work in a coffee shop in the city centre .
The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally went out of his room and said " Please Mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
He dreamt it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
I have a father , a mother and a brother .
I sit in front of my computer and I get news from around the world .
With public transport , you must go to the points along the route .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spending hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying life .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
For example , one of my senior high school classmates encountered a communication problem in his family .
People easily have accidents when driving on narrow or severely damaged streets .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
Michael thought that he could use his father 's car , and borrow some money from his mother .
Do you run a course which prepares for this difficult exam ?
Then , the metal plates are prepared by skilled machinists .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating the crimes , a trail to follow in their investigation .
Playing for almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
Nobody cared how we lived .
Because I think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes , but we can always learn something useful from them .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
You run slowly and enjoy the beauty of nature around you .
We are going to look for a romantic movie or a science fiction movie .
My dad told me to do my best and if this semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need one .
" Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " . Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more agitated .
At dawn the man goes out of the cave and looks at the sky to see if there is a bird of prey .
The waiters are really helpful .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
I like his sense of humor , because he is able to make me smile .
He is an ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
Not only was I close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
The climate in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
If you prefer shopping outside , taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do .
I fell asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar and when I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bridge .
But how ?
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
There are many educational programmes which we can get benefits from .
NEW FACILITIES
Once technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chose the car for several reasons .
Also , there are some well - known brands ready to give a special prize if you buy a souvenir after 8 pm .
The first stop for most visitors is the church because the local people clean and take care of it .
And when the weekend is coming .
I hope you find it useful , as I did last month .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention .
The walls of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
More than half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two or more times a week .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Clearly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car .
This question made the other group think a bit , and they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look for a small apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
I stared blankly at the window , unable to move .
But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary smiled to Peter and said : " You are welcome . Now , you have to enjoy your family .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing .
Some people do n't like this food , but at this restaurant you can eat other types of food . For example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
There is a big window with curtains .
Everybody got interested in the project .
Maybe , in fact , the lands are bigger , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
In addition , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the areas , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
I used to think I did n't like soap operas , because they were boring , out of date and not worth watching , but this was just prejudice .
Like art , it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
As on the 6th of September there will be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to fly back to Italy for a couple of days .
Also , the food I make for myself is much healthier .
I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physical exercise and talk , look at the landscape or do other things at the same time .
Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitively substitute the car .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
So the need for buses has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time - consuming .
We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mornings with my bright bird . She loves having company , so if you could get her to have lunch with you and talk a little with her , she will be happy for the rest of the day .
Most of the time , I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
After I received more and more information about some successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
It directly depends on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes more and more necessary .
There are other types of public transport such as buses , trains , or even planes for long trips .
Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
Both these factors have led to increased purchasing of cars over the last few years .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
The year was 2012 , and I had n't written anything until that day - I had just been translating some stories and , once , even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
I am wondering if I will be scared after the movie .
These are principles of design .
He was friendly and liked Metal Music like me , so we always talked about our favourite groups .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters . For example , when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
It is worth saying that each one should follow their passions .
Helen , I did n't expect this .
This point of view is based on , for example , the fact that you share an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
In the letter he complained about the out - of - date system of schools in Italy and he made some suggestions about how this could be overcome by major educational reforms .
Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
These days I watch a lot of different soap operas , though my favourite one is -and will always be- Friends .
Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .
It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .
We need free books for our schools
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
So , according to my personal experiences , I think that children can benefit from keeping a pet .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied to politicians .
I have just found cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient for all the facilities .
Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
It was strange to Michael .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused , but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
It is during this moment that I get to talk to God .
I never realized that a furkid would enrich my life until I met Casino , a smart , patient and handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's family .
Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
In Mendez 's house in the suburbs , Reilly finds some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about your own private things .
She said that they would need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Nowadays , people want to travel at their own conveyance using their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I do n't even know why .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible towards the environment and acts appropriately .
When you start playing , you should practice at least twice a week , better three times a week .
Yours faithfully ,
People do n't use the five seats of the car to travel .
5 years later .
Who was not only fair but a very attractive girl .
I work in a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
Run for your life
First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
If you require any further information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
Yours sincerely ,
I went on an Alaskan cruise in 1997 .
I hope my advice makes sense to you and that it helps with your decision .
However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for the next generation .
There is no future for public transport .
I would also recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Another reason why I like comedies is that there is a wide variety of this kind if movie .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
How is everybody there ?
He knew he was n't going to make it .
Maybe , in small part
So , parents ' experiences can make them good teachers for their children .
Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .
I 've just finished my teaching degree and I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing its popularity with the younger generation .
That one meeting made it a day I will never forget .
Obviously , the quality of public transport has to be improved .
When it comes to travelling , you must not miss the night markets .
Have you ever travelled by plane ?
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
Advertising is important for the economy .
There are still borders , both on maps and in minds for us to overcome , but the situation has changed drastically in a century or less .
Yours faithfully ,
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Near the mountains ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches in the South , Andalusia .
Most of the songs show demoniac features , causing serious concerns in the media .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
We first met at the swings . She smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The book includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Elle France and Nova .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , because it grabs you , almost like great poetry .
See you .
However , that was not enough for me .
It does not need fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
Different experts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
For example , many pandas would not find a mate to breed with if they were on their own in the wild .
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
How my town takes care of the environment
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
He was furious because the American did n't understand what he said .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
In addition to that , the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know what I think about things .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
Thank you for your money .
She intended to prove that medicine is a suitable field of study for her .
Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
Though he was unwilling to sit there because Abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style are important for my future course .
This is because they express an action or an activity .
Despite our nerves , we did well and our dream came true . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
I am the right person to do the job as I have always been interested in different kinds of food .
It 's a time to develop yourself , to travel , to make friends .
I love them .
On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors . However , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
A way that no one ever seems to tell you about .
The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by the press " - the New York Times wrote .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
On the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I used to play tennis in a local team three years ago .
People seem to be living quiet , comfortable lives nowadays .
It divides sheets of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
I would really enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , teach them things and do sport with them .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have great fun because we stay in a cabin and he 's a really funny man too . I laugh every evening and have great fun .
It is ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
I have fewer colds .
He tried a lot of different materials to make a filament for the light bulb .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
You can rent bikes .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it makes face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
I have a big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow , I 'll just show them the form ...
In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit ?
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
I am 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
The internet is becoming important for our studies because of the availability of information sources .
I have been learning English for a while , I am a sensitive and positive person , full of energy and willing to have new adventures .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
Could you please correct my family name .
Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
5 May
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
I 'll write soon !
All that he felt was anxiety .
However , the advantages outweigh the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
Some football players are world famous ; they have excellent careers and take part in every championship .
As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yoghurt .
This becomes the concern of employers , since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
Mrs Kashubina
I must say that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
Poor Mimi !
I am extremely interested in the prosperity of your company and the distribution of your goods all over the world .
Hoardings and billboards , which are a part of the urban landscape , are art .
Hi Alison !
I really like many sports in this world . I go to the gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
Ana Fanucci
Today a lot of people do sports , but not all sports are amused .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
Dear Alison ,
But it is not going to happen .
Like I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , among other things , focused more on design and my use of code is very limited .
l hope l can go at weekends with my family and friends .
I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
I have seen your advertisement and I would be more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
Hi Jo !
The stranger was looking for food in the street to take to his family .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for elderly people .
Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes to become less and less .
Personally , I would love to take one year off , and I think I would spend it travelling around Europe .
There are thousands of students who travel on public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum , and hope you can take time out to go one day !
Hello John
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
They were such nice people and really appreciated my help .
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
When he looked down , he saw something on the floor .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
- Yes , of course .
I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
Although we have many different views on life , we understand each other and are best friends .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and they will be easy to understand . Enrolling on different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great help to you .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
The article is devoted to the characteristics of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
If I have to , I search the web for information and implement it but it requires time .
I 've been interested in playing an instrument since I was a child .
However , there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
They often do not use the popular brick but glass , wood , plastic .
So I decided to learn to swim for the summer vacation .
Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we do to make life easier .
On the other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
Those involved in this lucrative business are in awe of the almost endless possibilities that recent technological advances offer them .
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clear of mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The rapid advance of information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
The ball was an object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked it and had friendly matches .
But , one day , Mia thought that she could conduct a test .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
" So here we are " he said , looking upward . "
Let me introduce one American I made friends with on Facebook .
Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
Then Stefan 's daughter , Aurora , goes to live with three fairies .
Appearing from another world , he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
Second , shopping malls have places full of advertisements and loud songs playing .
It was a sunny day in April .
You can go there just for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
Then , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
Hi !
We will talk about how people 's lives will change in the future .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in different containers .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
To curb corruption , new laws were created , institutions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely the best type of transportation available .
Life is unpredictable and unforeseen .
It was really awesome !
Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes a big problem with traffic jams . People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space to practise it comfortably .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
In fact , I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal ones .
Not to mention that not everyone can afford to keep a car on their budget .
And also , let 's not forget that going out with friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
The Usual Suspects , one of the best movies in the last two decades .
It 's near there .
- The unrivaled place for young people is the municipal center for youth .
But instead I am writing about stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
In Clayton , my hometown , people are fond of maintaining the environment and they actively participate in encouraging people who try to work towards its progress as well as in protesting against those who tend to cause harm to it .
The castle is very big and you will need several hours to visit it .
Dear Professor Findlay ,
Another reason is that knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system will work in the future like it does in the present , while there is a still plenty of room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk about that .
If they had told me to attend compulsorily I would have done so without any hesitation .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will not regret it .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizations and distant planets .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
Nowadays , many people around the globe are trying to acquire a second language . When it comes to deciding between learning in our own country and learning abroad , we can find several pros and cons that might make us fairly confused .
I felt relieved he forgave me .
Second , TU - Clausthal has a very good rating in engineering on many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with a glass next to him which was completely broken .
If they had to pay , then they would do it .
Going for a few groceries always end with an hour in a line .
I was very glad to read about your news .
Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
But think about the costs .
Nowadays , people live in a very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient a life as it is possible .
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
Using public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Like our ancestors would never have imagined that we could now fly in the sky by plane .
They are designed to do all things related to housework .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
but I think Italian restaurants are getting famous .
It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye - opening experience .
It 's really good that you 're coming to Uruguay . I would be pleased to help you .
I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 1998 .
Why would I travel to a meeting in a different city when I can meet through Skype ?
The meals were very good and in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
So , I can only have a cup of noodles on those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
This reference is for Tom Black , who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
And thirdly , it is an activity where I have been able to make new friends who , besides playing football like me , are very similar to me in other ways .
Most of the students at Laura 's new school do not talk to her . They are a little bit too cautious about interacting with her .
I live in La Paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years . We moved here to go to the beach every day . I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer when the sun is in the sky .
I always choose my clothes because only I know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increase funds for the educational sector .
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave this condition during holidays .
The urban myth that statues can move makes contemporary people frightened .
My favourite sport :
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the new technologies this great project requires .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS .
Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity , one that leaves you overtired and sweating .
In order to explain the nature of Gothic architecture and its major aspects , the author efficiently employs musical analogies .
Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about .
Unlike before , we have big ships to use on the sea .
You are reading and thinking about what will happen .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as a tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
2 .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground the size of a volleyball court .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe .
As soon as she entered through the college gate , everybody was smitten by her .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
However , most of the time , people maintain a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
As a result , I overcame my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
For instance , people need too many places to build the modern society , so they cut down lots of trees , burning many grassland areas .
But in a few years ' time our job will be one of the most important things in our everyday life .
Yours faithfully ,
I wish it were so !
There is an incredible amount of things to learn .
You can walk to my house .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming the animal .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain . For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life . Many people had tried to escape .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
The guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
This country has a lot of history .
First of all , it would be a good idea to encourage young people to start saving money as soon as possible .
Hi Chris how are you ?
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the end zone .
This strategy shows its profession and reliability for its target customers .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing that has happened to me recently .
In our modern world , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that corresponded to a news report .
That brings us to the second point : resources .
For some people , shopping is one of their obligations .
In smaller towns without an underground there are usually a number of bus routes to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach your destination .
The next one is boat .
However , if you are looking for little goodies for your family members , you should visit the shop close to the castle .
He followed and apologized to her .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Some fears are instinctive and it 's positive because it protects us from real danger , it 's a good response .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activating pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
With a car we are more independent than with public transport .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
Of course not .
Three words that describe me are : sporty , friendly and happy .
Sometimes we have a presentation and competition .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
London is a good example , and Barcelona , too .
Oh
Also , you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
And while volunteer work is important for the individuals and communities served , it also benefits the volunteer .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
I 'm looking forward to being there . I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
It 's a great show , by the way .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
It seems that there are not many places in the city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Lastly , if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops , many people will be unemployed . They could not earn more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
Provided that renewable sources are developed enough , we could live without pollution .
When I was a child , my city was dirty because people threw their rubbish on the floor .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
They can use the money in a more useful or meaningful way , such as for investment in property .
The media , also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
This will save them time .
There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .
Because I want him to talk .
Suddenly , my plane began to act up . I was losing control .
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while , I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
Also , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
Martyna
Dear Sirs ,
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
It has a great location .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
It 's a typical Indian soap opera in which love conquers over everything .
Others , including myself , believe that shopping in small stores is the best choice .
The sublime inspired many writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
I received a call from my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
Recommendations
In big cities , such as New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
I immediately sat down and began to feel relaxed .
If your destination is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
In this area there are many fields where wind turbines have been built to use the wind and generate electricity .
Dear director :
Also , I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking of her next journey .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets was donated to a nursing home .
Added to this , both learning options require time and dedication from students ; otherwise , knowledge will not be properly delivered .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
Eventually , I was third in the contest .
your friend , Semyon .
I think my favourite sports are cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
A good example of these shows are how people are paid to act in reality or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious family problems , where the only aim is to get a bigger audience .
I drive a Zündapp KS50 . It is an old moped from 1975 .
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four years old .
After years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was more or less the joy of his parents ' life - not him , Marianne - for life , or leaving and starting afresh , he had finally chosen the latter , thinking that it was the right decision to make at that moment .
So my opinion is good for both parties .
The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
The more technology we use , the more important it is .
They said in a delightful and evil tone .
Therefore , he proceeded to have some drinks and to enjoy the night .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
Three days later , our results were published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
Good !
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
Winter sports always have an element of danger .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
Friendship is overall an act of will .
Finally , you can choose who will travel with you .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
In Poland we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
Therefore , the changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
see you soon
In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to protect people from obesity .
If you 're looking for a really good day out , come to next year 's Charity Fun Day .
Ann dressed in her wedding dress .
It 's a free buffet , so you can take everything you want … there are chips , pizzas , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of desserts and there 's no food limit haha .
They became stars because of this film .
On the one hand , I am going to sound like my grandfather telling his war tales .
Luckily , we got word of a dancing school .
Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
Our bed will tell us when to go to sleep .
Now Nowadays , nobody has enough time to spend with family . Instead , they prefer to make more money by working extra hours .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years , so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
Michael had no time to scream , he was already lying on the floor by his mother 's side .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
To sum up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
Both of them share a superior , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
However , there are some similarities between those two subjects .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
On this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
In addition , homeless people have to sleep in the street .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
These actors paid full attention to convincing the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
The growth of the suburbs changed the face of American society , bringing with it a whole different way of life .
Public Transport with no Future
Secondly , there are two sorts of schools in Spain - public and private - , which leads to a big difference in the educational knowledge .
Cooking is part of my daily work , and is also one of my hobbies .
First , I want to present myself . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the sides of the room , so now I am going to tell you what there would be on the two remaining walls .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light , even in the saddest section .
She was about to open the door when she heard a female voice coming from his office .
On the other hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that nothing has changed .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live , many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
Michael knew his mother had planned on baking a cake .
We 've reached a point where this training starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sports .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
CONCLUSION
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
I hope I helped you .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps physical health and so on .
I started to open it very carefully .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping is enormous lines .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
They do not have enough food .
The manager told them that this guy had robbed many stores in the town , and finally they got him .
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for Mr
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania , " investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
Have you ever been mountain climbing ? That is incredible and amazing . Do you like your school ? your city ?
" I found this in his office . "
I work in advertising . I 'm an account .
from
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look at some tools I 'll be relaxed .
On the other hand , you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond to you as soon as possible .
His anxiety caught up with him every now and then , but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
My first thought was : " God , let her live her life !
This will cause three problems for us humans and animals .
Micheal tried to hit the door with the hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited about tating his artful presentation as it came to life !
His party is always fun .
Likewise , some people put their success in life more down to their parents ' training than to their innate talents .
I grew up in a family whose members speak Italian and Spanish fluently .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media .
It was an immense amphitheater .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as architecture and computer systems .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
Secondly , if I need money , I will go back to my brother or sister . I ask them to lend me some money .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
Therefore , this interaction demonstrates that eye contact can have a strong influence on the cultural values of attentiveness and respect for the others ' opinion .
On the stage they move very well and know how to give pleasure to the public .
The pack has a cost of $ 350 per person .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my desk chair , not very far from the window .
I have learned a lot from television .
Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening for approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
Yours ,
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products to furniture .
I was surprised when I realized I was talking too much .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task . I liked that the teacher trusted me .
Just running 30 minutes a day , you can improve your physical activity , lose weight , and improve your brain .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia , but a hero .
But also , when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
For example , I designed the high - rise architecture in a highly populated city in Taiwan .
We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
Hello ,
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
I often think what would happen if I made all these efforts for my own business ?
I think I am the most suitable applicant for the job .
Other than myself , I have had few people read what I have written ; very few , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or experts .
Whereas , in my opinion , it is way more than that .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a newcomer to IMAS .
Furthermore , this saves on the cost of treatment because of the decreasing number of patients .
I would really appreciate it if you could take my application into consideration .
Therefore , I am writing to give you my details .
There are also many adults who want to learn or just improve their language skills .
At university , I was part of the football team and we won a championship against one of the most athletic football teams in our country .
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , furry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew in the population .
In which we had to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that can be exchanged these days with one button press .
That was the first crime I committed and here I am now , in jail .
I am a big fan of Arsenal ,
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
Furthermore , I love children very much . The reason could be that I have three younger brothers and one younger sister , so I am the eldest one .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some trees and flowers before the house is built .
Others think that if students take a year off studying it is unwise .
There has never been a bigger force for change than technology . It changes absolutely everything about the way we live , even the way we talk with each other .
I laughed so much !
And how is your family doing ?
In order to make the series more interesting , the directors decided that each of the eight chosen ones would be in a different country .
We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
My family is great .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listen to some music and watch films and series .
Last week I was lent an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
Their houses are floating in the air .
But we could break our legs .
I would be able to attend an interview at any time which is convenient to you .
The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
Secondly , one car makes as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
I 'd love to hear from you and maybe we can make some plans to meet up .
There are three bunk beds next to some wardrobes .
And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
She is an only child , so she does n't have any brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
First was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Kike is my best friend . I met him when we were studying in primary school , when we were six or seven years old .
Michael rushed to his bedroom with a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his system , only to see his box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffled but heavy breathing coming from behind the door .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
By accident , he thought .
My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet the individual 's needs .
You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
Thao
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will be sparked .
These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't anything more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost in the winding narrow cobbled streets , as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
" I encouraged myself .
Men should wear a suit and a tie , and women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
Besides , I am open - minded , easy - going and friendly .
During fights doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
I will start with old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
Although the importance of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Mathematical models , theories , etc .
We are people and all of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepared himself to enter the sanctuary .
As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .
Thank you for sending me the corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate that very much .
It would be advisable to change the catering service .
How my town takes care of the environment :
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
Famous people often are annoyed , because their every action will appear in the magazines or on the Internet .
3 . awesome
He finally arrives .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time - consuming .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , it means people have to follow a schedule .
There was a bit of a problem in his plan : the new waffle was in Texas , and he lived in Washington .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Should you need any additional information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
It is crowded at rush hour .
On the one hand , I would like to talk about the fact that , with the help of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling by car .
In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
We just take turns talking ( chatting is maybe more correct to say ) and most of the time without any aim .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
What else ?
Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slow .
This way , you have the chance to relax and to think about what is best for you in the future .
I want to tell you about the concert which I went to last month .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
" he whispered , " someone might hear it . "
What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of something he / she is good at ?
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership , as well as the social skills needed , from being a scout for five years .
As I was a kid I fell asleep sometimes .
My older brother helped us with studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
Throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
She went out to meet her friend from India .
I had been waiting for that day for a long time . It was my wedding day .
I hope you write to me when you have made the final decision . I look forward to hearing from you .
I have 1 sister . Her name is Tina . She is annoying .
Each and every one of the roles is beautifully written and the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
I love India so much .
I hope you will consider my application and look forward to hearing from you .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , privileged , university - educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
We stayed in three different hotels and , one day , we also went to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
Hello ,
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crises and wars still exist .
But despite all this , there will always be people without a car who need to commute every day , so there is a long future for public transport .
But to begin with , for a long time Anna was n't popular at school .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travels but I think we do not feel relaxed there and if we talk about travelling by car .
First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
I also think that there will be fewer people using public transport in the future , but some will still be available , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travel by plane .
Then the engineers made a forecast .
How many languages do you speak ?
It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
That can be really painful for those who are n't from Sweden originally .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
We should start , little by little , to help it .
irf
Let me know what your decision is .
He had made such a huge mistake .
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
Even if I want to focus on my work , they create one or the other issue to distract me .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
The leisure activities of the male and female students have a lot in common .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for these kinds of people , like petanque or something like that .
Following the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
I 'm very hardworking and a fun person .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
Save some nature for the earth , and leave clean air for our kids .
I live in a small village in the German region of Hesse , called Griesheim .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
I entirely agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to doing exercise than they should and , as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
I did so by clearly outlining principles which proved to work with their target audience and they can keep using as a guide .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
I link to a page in my school magazine where you can find my CV .
The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of The Dream of the Red Chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
Such us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plastic .
Well , it keeps me fit , but not my body in the first instance ; it 's good for my brain .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Students usually find it very inspiring and engaging to discuss this issue because it is very difficult to give a clear - cut answer and so , it makes the process of discussion very exciting .
Electronic gadgets are bad for our eye .
The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
After all , what I had was so infinitesimal that I could barely taste it . '
Introducion :
We hope you keep choosing us .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
It was disturbing , as kids were also included .
I mean the underground in the first place .
My mum prepared it the day before , and it was really yummy .
When you start to consider interests and strengths , it makes sense to consider your interests first .
There is debate about whether everyone should have to do military service when they reach 18 years old .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
I remember when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
Many of my friends are teachers . They like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and difficult parents .
Isabel
Eating healthy foods is the other part of that sport .
The most interesting is the art gallery , Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centre .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power that genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
She really did .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborgs .
It is easier to contract entertainment which can release our stress immediately .
If the sheet is good or partially damaged , it can be packed and delivered by vehicles after being cut into separate notes .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people use the car .
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
The implementation of projects does not need to be only about spending money .
At night it has a special atmosphere .
Since I was 13 , I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and , at the moment , he does not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
In France , where the film was made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many disrespectful names .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
Autumn is such a calm season .
He took a few minutes walking to the bus station from his house .
The traditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dull for children , but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
In conclusion , television can entertain and also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
XYZ
Also , to activate your brain quicker , go out for some fresh air .
Nowadays , the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centuries .
- To be perfectly honest , I do n't really like it there !
Dominika .
I always have respect for my bosses and , of course , clients .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , , especially from many years to nowadays .
Besides , there are no results that can be analysed or checked .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
I have relationships with people who play football with me .
My guess is they had the same reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
How is it going ?
Last summer , I finally managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a better one .
Dear friend :
Today , I will mention one of the iconic places in Vietnam which you should not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
I 'm writing in response to the letter Professor Collins wrote to you .
When I opened my eyes , I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
Facilities
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
Peter let go of Louis because he thought that it was safe , but Louis caught the ball and tried to hit Lucas .
We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world will make you bleed .
There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
pastimes . When I cook , it 's usually for a big group of friends , so preparing meals is actually something I
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
Serbia is my country where I have been living for 24 years .
It was like working in paradise .
I live alone , so I always cook my own food .
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
Television can be used tor many things . Usually we watch television for entertainment , but we can also use it for education too .
Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
We could learn new activities from each other .
Therefore , it is a multicultural and multiracial society .
But my family are not my best friends , because you choose your friends , but you do not choose your family .
In contrast , opponents of military service point out that education is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
I 'm afraid and that started when I was travelling to Mexico on my honeymoon .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the music industry should adapt to new technologies and new habits of users .
After school , I like to eat fresh fruit .
How are you ? I hope everything is alright .
When they go to work or for other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
And by the way , the soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
I have babysat children of different ages for the last 4 years and have found that very satisfying so far .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
Young people in Ukraine are more comprehensively developed than young people in USSR .
In Champéry you can ski over to France , which is awesome .
We will make another plan soon , after my mother gets well .
We are living in a digital age .
My brother told me when his baby needs to be fed when they are walking in the street .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow bin ; paper and cardboard go in the blue bin and there is another one for glass .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
I had to carry on fighting to stay alive !
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
The municipal board of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to inform people about the improvements that have been made and that have been planned to be implemented in future in the town .
Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company , which has given me a lot , and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
The large dining room with a high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially when you set foot in the restaurant for the first time .
That 's because many scientific facts have been revealed .
All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't cause global warming although it is expensive to generate .
Her little brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eyes still wet .
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
One of the momentous human aims is to make life eternal as much as it is possible .
I 'm happy that you wrote to me to ask for some advice .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
Anybody can play football .
The internet has a lot of consequences in our lives .
The woman had smiled at Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl , you will lose something important to you .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
Transportation is very important in our daily life and , in this modern world we live in , the very least that we expect from almost anything is convenience .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
This composition is about a famous person from my country .
Cars are very easy to use .
Kinga
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Introduction
Firstly , I have to say that I disagree with the statement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
I would like to see you soon .
Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in a business context .
He jumped off his chair , walked down the corridor and stopped in front of the HR Manager 's office .
Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
She was always the best student in the class or even in the school a couple times .
It is very economical in terms of time , distance and people capacity .
This action has to be repeated when you get off of the bus or train at the end of your journey .
Recently , I saw Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to say that I am looking forward to watching the next one .
In my awareness , I know the United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so aside from study , they have diverse selections .
I 'm going with my friends next week ! ! I think you get more than what you pay for as its unlimited food and you only have to pay 10 Euros .
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
As for my experience with children , I have been a counselor for the last two years in a summer camp .
It is very valuable .
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
On the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of the latest hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service for foreign people since five years ago .
Yours faithfully ,
This guy was called Mark and he was an engineer .
Remember that a car is to make your life easier to get around and be safe and as a way also to have security because you go in your car and you are less likely to get mugged or something .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I enjoy fun with children .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
Otherwise , this situation will have a detrimental effect on the taxpayers .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such motivation to go out and do something .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that make us think about the human condition .
He exercised and went for short jogs in between workouts .
Thirdly , I lived for two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
Are you just going to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tired ? "
The way self - sacrifice is seen has changed enormously - we no longer want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with the idea of consumerism .
Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was packing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
Someone was singing a sad song .
I get up at 6:15am .
To achieve this , the council organises different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
All of these abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
I had a similar experience
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
The weather was very good and we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sitting on the sand .
Although they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and of high quality .
Nowadays people prefer their own vehicles rather than
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
Travelling by car is becoming a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired time .
However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsibly , according to one 's personal needs .
Our school is organizing a funfair .
I often finished up very tired because I never did sport .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Do you remember ?
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
-eat fruits and vegetables
When she left , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Factors behind the decline
But those countries are very developed and they have many facilities .
Next , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Andreia
I do n't know so many parents , but whatever .
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you have some offer that you think could fit with my background .
Relax and enjoy the moment .
This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
All in all , I think this would be the best restaurant for our class to go to , since it 's close to the school , it has good prices and a friendly ambience .
Planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
Jacob
The accomplishment I am the most proud of was when I scored four goals in a soccer game .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The city contains about thirty public parks .
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you advertised in a magazine .
However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
Are they all qualified teachers ?
The companies who produce products with harmful ingredients are very powerful , so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
First , I tried it with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
A plane flies very quickly , but you have to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
To sum up , I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
In the same way , a secret agent has to be able to take risks when required .
However , I think , that all the systems which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others , no matter who you are .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
Not only can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , they can also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formally announced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
I meet lots of people every day and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
It can therefore easily be predicted that there will be no role for public transport in the future .
Once you raise it , it will regard you as its owner .
The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more easily .
It is an action movie that involves the secret games of the CIA .
Even the grass ca n't live on earth .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning , it would n't be so thrilling .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
Friendship was nurtured and we took time to do activities with friends and best friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
It can provide an opportunity for people to complete work during the journey .
There is always someone who you can count on among your family , friends or associates , but you must ask for help .
Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
Often enough , you have to rely on other services , such as buses or taxis , to reach your destination .
I recently passed my First Certificate in English and I speak Spanish fluently , too .
Clean and adequate water supply system is a vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
Firstly , it is such good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
I really hope to work with you someday !
Tom opened the big bag . Oh ! This is a big surprise . There was a football in it which he had always wanted to buy .
They have purchased green bins and they have done graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
I 'm the oldest of 4 sons .
I read your letter . I would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
Can you say now , if you have this service ?
How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
I arrived at school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the last .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
This building is near the football pitch and basketball court .
His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the window and saw a black helicopter heading in his direction .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
Among the various purposes of education , in my opinion , the most important one is teaching students to solve problems .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
Seville is well known for its stunning monuments .
" Yes , sir . "
Swimming is my favorite sport because , through this sport , I train my whole body . It is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
In general , reducing traffic accidents is important .
But what is more convenient - owning a car or public transport ?
The Internship , a film by Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In the future , this tendency will continue and there will be more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
The World Cup unites the world .
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a good idea .
My district makes my village clean and it usually tries to make it attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
All the best , Ivana
The building of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compare it with the other restaurants in PIK .
Nowadays , students can work with computers at school and most of them have one at home .
Yours faithfully ,
There are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medicine or in the use of eco - resources .
But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
Travelling with family is different to travelling with friends .
Yours faithfully ,
However , there are some people who prefer the use of public transport instead of using the car .
Computers have to obey the orders of humans .
What if it was my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwiches .
As we can see , an unequal percentage is shown depending on the area where the people come from .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy it because I love football players .
They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read fantasies and comics .
They moved in the crowd that made various phone calls and talked about their busy lives .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in recent years .
Example , free fertilizers , water pumps , and pesticides .
This could lead to high unemployment .
If you start playing football at a young age , you really get better at football .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
All in all , though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lectures are preferable because interaction with other students will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
I study English for two reasons .
Fernando is a young man , he likes to listen to English music .
I think you will understand my situation .
This rubbish was collected by the municipal board on a daily basis and proper disposal methods were employed .
Personal experiences
After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit stiff .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
As a result of this , many people are trying new options , like car sharing .
During the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
For example , a kid named Michael .
Michael does n't know anything about love and sweetness .
The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is the best club team in the world , whether you like it or not .
Cáceres is visited by many tourists every year .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation that is very important to you , but you do not want your family to know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
Because I did n't know how to use it .
Sporting activities might boost the student s ' overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
I am Michael . "
Studying English in your country lets you continue working or studying without changing your habits .
There are so many people who come here .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to decide whether to relate to it or take an interest in it .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
They 're awesome !
I miss you so much . How is your baby ?
Sports events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between nations .
People try to skip Good Friday because , there are no feasts no that day .
The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with their own characteristics and personalities .
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
My plan is simple , I want to make the best of this British experience by studying English and possibly by finding a little job .
Firstly , because they gain independence by doing that .
but it is n't true . In the A league in Italy , we have various players who are not very tall ,
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
I have enrolled in different courses about child development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
I look forward to seeing you during your trip .
And you will hardly recognize the old me .
The Colosseum is quite a tall structure .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is that everyone is born equal in terms of duties and rights .
My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
He is 65 years old .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
Once you know for yourself how comfortable it is to have a car , there 's very little chance you will go back to public transport .
Ettore
On the other hand , the differences between face - to - face learning and virtual learning are numerous .
This leads us to the conclusion that the process of bank note creation is secure as well as simple .
Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
It slowly rustles and clatters and its pulsing waves attract so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much longer and you are ready to throw up everything and run towards it .
Last but not least , the service is remarkable .
You can change your plans and choose another route .
The town mayor has given the population a free bus .
Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
With a little delay , Peter made it !
There are my role models . Sometimes we go to the tour programs , it programs . Those are very happy moments .
Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years old .
I advise parents to let children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
A player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the teammates .
And there are musical channels , too .
You will spend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is getting angry or not .
My mother and my father had a fight with each other . They wanted to not be together .
The last thing is history .
Football is played at a professional level all over the world , and millions of people regularly go to football stadiums to follow their favorite team , whilst millions more avidly watch the game on television .
It is difficult to describe that feeling .
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
This activity will not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with an insignificant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress . She has amazing friends and they have a band together .
The beauty of this sport is that , as long as you have a ball , you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
We human beings are highly socialized creatures in the world .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share about my favorite sport .
I hope you think I 'm the right person for this . I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
There were athletes who were European champions and I gathered all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
Fran .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Take care , hope to hear from you
Everywhere I have worked before , I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
My boyfriend became my husband .
By Arno Brodeur , student number 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
Best wishes for a wonderful holiday season and a very happy new year .
People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
So , I have to learn to use chopsticks to eat .
Thousands of acres of forests are destroyed , leading to climate change .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think about your life .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do " ,
Each nation has their own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand about the past .
Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
As we know , nowadays , everything is possible .
I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
I am writing with regard to the campaign that you are promoting in favour of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my town .
Dear Sir / Madam
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish people have had their graves .
All citizens are involved in the process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bins and by making good use of the waste calendar .
My hobby
They should provide financial support to those who once lived in such destroyed areas and help them develop professional skills to look for good jobs .
I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
In my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children run away and prefer to live in the streets instead of in a home full of problems .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
ACHIEVEMENTS
When I went to class , there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
The place has a private room and a karaoke room in one place .
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte were both Victorian writers .
In such a way , they can remain alert no matter what will happen .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym . His physical form has improved a lot and now he is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
They can pray to God and it is a relief for people .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding time and being propelled into the past .
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
And all banking operations must be done by phone .
Its purpose is to promote and aid communication .
As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoors , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
Love can kill you .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioned job .
Learning English is very important to the future of everyone .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
Transport is the best facility for people to be able to travel around a country .
Michael told me he knew about this contest and at that moment he wanted to call me to ask if I was able to come with him to that contest .
Take that pair of sneakers and go for it !
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
We must reduce exam stress for high school students .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortunately , that chair hit her in a serious way .
This museum has monuments of the superiority .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beaches beside rows of trees , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may really miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
To Whom It May Concern ,
A few years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
Firstly , I had to be involved in it a month before the event started .
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
" Actually , I am still working on it !
That is why I am writing this letter , to let you know what is happening in the city and to tell you that the police are not doing their job .
In sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
I like doing activities with them and I feed them .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
But that does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
I believe the old values should be taught to children in schools .
The company also reserves its right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be as per the job description .
Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying , but also from heart attacks .
She does not like to dress like a lady . Even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dress or speak like one .
Cycling near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I was having a hard time at university .
You can find work , since you have learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
After giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss for the first four minutes .
The advance of technology in recent years has been awesome .
In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
Now , young people like different kinds of music , I think
It is modern and spacious .
I started the evening by welcoming everyone and appointing them their seats .
Most people think that in 50 years ' time , we will have used up all the Earth 's natural resources .
I 'd like to introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
Besides , I find those programs talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I gained some knowledge from those programs .
I literally feel stronger after every time I run .
Rental cost is also a limitation , as it is relatively high in Australia .
Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at first sight .
I met her at university 20 years ago . She is 4 years younger than me .
We will go to any place by plane .
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
Singapore could be the place where you will find everything you are looking for .
The kitchen looks small and simple .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time as they get in touch with nature .
Manners & Behavior
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
And finally , teenagers may be becoming more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
-"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your problem " .
Consequently , I need to swim often .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite science - fiction movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
Both of them are just like me , we freak out when it comes to football !
Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a whole month without it .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the prices are reasonable .
You do n't have to think about bus timetables and stops .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
Alice had looked on in confusion as the woman had walked away .
order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils ' minds of their new knowledge .
For example , people interested in cooking have some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
But there is a big problem : the people 's attitudes .
Primary students are taught many different life skills by teachers at school .
Dear Teacher Mary
Hi Emma ,
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
You can devote more time to doing both .
I also have a little rabbit who is called Frippe . He is so cute and cuddly .
To sum up , I would recommend this place if you want to have a great time and eat on your last day .
In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
Please let me know if you need anything extra while you are here .
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
To this , we have to add the food and drink ( who does n't think this ? ) .
As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to increase its popularity there .
It is wise for them to find some time to save some money so they will not need to struggle during college .
Moreover , you travel with other people .
Television series , contests , movies , and news do it all the time without us being aware of it .
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
Television is an object that helps people to know the news in real time .
I would appreciate it if I could arrange an appointment with you to find out about your service .
Some people like shopping .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
Hello Sarah !
I live in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with my family .
So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
For work , I advise you to come to Sao Paulo .
In addition , not only putting things in order , but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage time .
Also , there are more people who continue their education after graduation from college .
Love ,
They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
I am happy when I am with him .
In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and architectural style .
My mother came and said , " Get up !
Have you drunk under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
Computers have become an essential part of our lives in the last few decades .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that passes through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' and professionals ' first choice for commuting .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Recommendation
Alex Yegerov
Switzerland is a small country , so take your time and spend enough time in each place .
My favourite activities are out in the open air .
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new star at the same time ?
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I 'd definitely recommend it to everyone , whether they live in a flat or in a house with a garden .
A flat world is created by the internet .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bullying or forcing you sexually .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult people during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .
Another example could be represented by first aid activities and so on .
You should n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who had lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
I do n't feel that , because he has five sisters and three brothers .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
Besides , you have the chance to take part in international competitions if you stand out .
The last , but not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a long way to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find . I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
Yours sincerely ,
Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
How many times in the last ten years have we given up GPS and used an ordinary paper map for a trip ?
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .
We can mention many places , such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literature ...
My older brother is 30 years old and he is working as an accountant for a radio and television union in Cairo .
Introduction
The two maps depict the main changes which took place in Shipsmouth between the years 1995 and 2010 .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures and papyrus there .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
She was waiting for him .
What kind of risks they can run if they do that .
It was terrible but it was the only night she met Danny .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to combine my love of cooking with my job .
I have experience of looking after children .
I wish you luck and a good experience .
This makes football or soccer ever more exclusive to a certain group of fans - hooligans .
Here , in this country , there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
They have to hit the cock over the net .
I am a really cheerful person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a very energetic youngster .
While I do not wish to continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
Introduction
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with a reduced use of chemicals .
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
It pleases some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need help with school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality , because the field of the activity is so broad and it could be useful in other plenty scope , even in your daily routine .
I ran to help them and we also called an ambulance .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things did not depend on him .
I do n't know why people love spying on famous people .
Second , critical thinking , which is deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor in successful research .
Due to our help , people 's work has become easier .
I live in a small city called Caceres .
It looked quite simple , I had no idea who could have sent me that letter .
There are a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes flooding along the high - rise buildings ' section .
I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
- Do you want to wear one ?
Look away .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
Many times when I have been shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
How are things going over there ?
I have to go now .
When I became , first a teenager and later an adult , I got to know the majority of my friends , good friends .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an aborted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
A summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or work long for it .
But it 's not possible that everyone has and uses their own car .
And at the end of the day , nothing can beat homemade comfort food and a laugh with your family .
It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .
Nor could I have conceived , after having multiple people help call the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
Then we went to Taxco .
Hi James ,
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth . To entertain or for what ?
Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forward to seeing you .
Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
On the other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all that there is out there .
Eye contact is another important cultural value which is used by Brazilians , meaning respect and interest in others .
Mankind will have found other energy sources , similar to wind powered energy , solar energy and water powered energy .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport with my grandfather since 1995 .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
Souvenirs
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk in the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
Hello Mark !
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
While teaching everyone English , it would also be profitable to teach basic knowledge of mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Therefore , public transportation has its own reasons for existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
Also , I can work long hours .
The best places for young people to visit in New York ?
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of traffic jams .
Yours faithfully ,
Another thing we can do for a better future is avoiding war .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Although the reason for the break - up is not totally clear , the girl is saying that it was all her fault .
But not angry like you and me .
With his shaking hands he popped the box of pills he was holding the whole time he was walking , walking towards his home , the place he always felt at ease in . "
The story tells us the importance of perfume in all aspects of our lives .
Contemporarily , the most widespread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
Furthermore , as a former scout , I have the necessary skills for organizing different sports games and I am familiar with a wide range of evening activities .
I mean when he wants something he just says give me that .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
I saw your advertisement for language courses in London and I am writing to find out more about the courses you offer .
These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friends , know about it .
There are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I liked it when I was young .
I am overwhelmed with grief , living with them .
Yours faithfully
I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Corgi dogs .
It takes more time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timings too are not fixed .
We will have to find an alternative drinking source ...
But the prices will shock and surprise you , they are double or triple the UK ones .
Despite people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it out for yourself .
I felt relieved .
Youtube advertising means the viewers have to be forced to watch the advertisement before they watch some video on Youtube .
More collaborative efforts should be made to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
They have a strong familiarity with preferences , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
There are two main characters .
At Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pagan spring festival does n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration .
He was very embarrassed .
That girl who had done nothing but harm to him .
Though there are many advantages tor public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
Many people today go in for extreme sports .
So , train is an intermidiate way to travel .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had the chance to spend my childhood in Kent .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
At night , the maze grinds shut .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place that I call home .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my income , helping me to pay my bills .
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
Thus , I think I am the right person to work at any of your summer camps and I am sure you will be satisfied with my work .
Elena
She searched the man , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go . He fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
Watching the sunset between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
As such , we develop through interacting with our environment .
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door open .
The new human resources manager had arrived and wanted to meet every worker in the company personally .
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
Maybe traffic accidents will be decreased .
He saw on his mum 's television that if he was the first person to try the waffle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bacon strips .
The dinner was delicious and we tasted lots of new flavours of Balinese food .
My recommendation : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
Elvira
At least we are not alone , she said and hugged her brother .
I was sitting calmly in a cafe , when I heard it ringing .
As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
For Lombroso , exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
At the age of eighteen , most British students are finishing secondary school .
The next point is the fact that recycling glass and paper is very important .
Those who become homeless usually do not know that there is a system to help poor people .
I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home .
Nowadays , we are in the age of the internet .
They travel around all over the world by plane .
I really love being with people all the time .
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
Peter ran into his father 's arms , but he disappeared and he promised himself that he would never ever tell anyone about the secret .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
It took me a lot of to admit this fact again .
It is not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses , cars etc .
I was at home all day with my cat watching English films and eating Spanish dessert .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymous book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade - long career .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
Nevertheless , in the test , I received fewer points in " need for achievement / success " than were required for being an entrepreneur .
Photographs are included on all of those sites .
Hi Jo ,
In a hurry , he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
I also have problem - solving skills .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
Therefore , the happiness derived from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .
Some assert that genetically modified food technology could be applied to address this problem .
Unfortunately , I saw you last many days ago .
It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness on a very luxurious trip to New York .
Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
The only choice for many people is to use public transport .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
And it is very well organised .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
Hi Michael ,
I think since this idea is creative , people will like to watch it .
Some disadvantages are that you may not have the money to maintain a car , and always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to it , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
That is hardly surprising , it has been closed since 2005 .
Also , I hear people are generally convivial and the countryside is beautiful in Cornwall .
You know , I have graduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lot of new friends .
And I need your help with this .
By the way , if you haven't seen this romantic , funny , well - acted and well - scripted film yet ; give it a try !
Can you see how easy and regular a life I have got .
In this way , I have , to some extent , developed strategic thinking about individual client needs .
In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy the journey more because they do n't waste energy on driving .
Something that they did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
The duration of military service should be from around 12 months to 20 months .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
All along he was wrong .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the woods .
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I recommend you to watch " Now you see me " .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incredible experience that I will never forget .
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
Therefore , public transport plays an important role in mitigating global warming .
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
It does n't help to get too familiar .
After I went to live in England with my family , I have goton the feel very much indeed .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
Sometimes people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
At that moment , everything changed , he remembered his childhood , his recovery and his sane life . Then Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
What I like most about this restaurant is that it offers healthy and balanced food , the flavor is fantastic , the food very tasty and carefully cooked .
And in some of the scenes , the little girls escaped or the dad had to make them jump from one building to another one !
I have worked for the last 10 years as a teacher in junior school .
People were attracted to her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured by either the former or the latter methods .
As it turned out later , to Anna 's surprise , it was her boyfriend dressed as Elvis .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Air pollution makes the climate change .
He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city .
Some people do manage to stay in the same place all their lives and even work for the same company , while others are much more mobile in terms of their jobs and homes .
I was alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman entered the room .
But I think there is an exception : the monarchy .
Big projects could not be finished without cooperation .
The teacher will understand the student 's difficulties better ; s / he will know the level of assimilation of the different kinds of contents and be able to modify future programme planning .
You should bring summer clothes , because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets , since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for college or to embark on their professional career .
I often play soccer with my father and my brother .
noticia
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
-
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
It is beneficial for both the higher and lower achiever because they can assist or get help from each other .
Their story has been written and people could finally discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
He began to write .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
This TV series is mainly based on working - class people and represents various ethnic minority communities , including African and Asian Muslims .
So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further now .
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love looking at the scenery through the windows .
My employers have never complained about my work .
On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
This is a story of horror and comedy combined .
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
At the moment , I have finished the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
Hello Maria ,
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
In summer , that samovar of dark liquid beside the entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favoured by the villagers of the region , or you might be offered a World War One dish such as soldiers may have eaten in this area .
I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
He loved her and she was trying to get back with him , as he had hoped in the last months .
Almost every home , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
The moment you go through the huge wooden doors , the music sets you back into the Meiji Era and you feel like you are about to meet a very important samurai .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improving the public transport .
He went through the park where children were playing around .
One day he gets a parcel from a famous traveller .
It is not quiet and it is an active city in different ways .
The food on the menu was amazingly not for illustration purposes only as the food they served looked exactly like the food on the menu .
Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have got to get down to my homework .
In other words , they had to get used to a different kind of world .
But there 's a guarantee for the customer : the food is great !
But are these newcomers going to be replaced by public transport ?
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me about the job .
But no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
Air pollution is the main cause of global warming .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes of land degradation were deforestation and over - grazing .
She was expecting a letter from the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
Hugs and kisses ,
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
Carry on reading to know why !
But it is not true .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
You must know the timetables and from which platform the train will leave .
People go , people come .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled for a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
She started to dance with an Elvis look - alike , laugh and enjoy every single minute .
There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
Nowadays , communication face to face is something rare and , most of the time , accidental .
animals to safely reproduce .
I had hired snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience . We can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
And there was n't .
Certainly it will be .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
Third , people who drink alcohol tend towards aggression and violence .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
And I will start studying at the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
If you were a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fifteen years ago , you would have found yourself in a situation where no shops had Sunday opening hours .
In addition , I am going to see the migration of the biggest animals in the world - whales .
He refused to do that .
I believe many of us do not have the faintest idea about this sport .
Dear Sir ,
Lorena
Winter is one of my favorites because it is so beautiful to see everything covered with a white sheet of snow .
Disagreement on always telling the truth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
For instance , we can find out a lot of foreign news from watching CNN .
My brother left and he promised to return later with my sister .
One night he went away slamming the door , still cursing while running down the stairs .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
If so , what are the criteria for giving it .
We all know the situation , when we are in the supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of them costs much more than the other .
Then , by car , we can enjoy the scenery , share a laugh , change our destination all of a sudden and many more .
They 're more for self - defense , but what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
How about yours ?
I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .
Love ,
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and it 's very clean .
No one can tell what it will be like .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people , like paparazzi and journalists .
However , there are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .
End .
Moreover , I do like looking after children .
The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollars related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
About one year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
The other car driver came up to us slowly .
Love ,
If we want to have a good life , we must have good communication in our families .
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
This is why I suggest people give swimming a try .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
I think some of you have already heard this news .
Saving the environment
In light of the above , and as agreed , I seek your kind help in approving the price of $ 30.00 each to close this deal in a safe way .
He sat by her side , and held her hand .
People do n't have to own their car , paying a lot of money .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff , so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not get enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
I was getting really bored .
It 's about 2000 people that want to go to a new planet to start a new life and their trip was going to take approximately 120 years .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
In my country , weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
The town is called White City .
In conclusion , travelling by car is far better than using public transport .
João Matos
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector , so I want to improve it .
" Tom . You are impolite .
as a Surf Instructor during the summer holidays in my home town of Zarautz .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
What 's the description of a famous person ?
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
Well , that question has been going around in my mind for so many months .
Its products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn money for myself .
If I move again , I know it will take another year to get to know other people at least .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
It 's certainly a good choice if you want to watch a DVD next Friday night .
Hello , I saw the job advertisement for the summer camp and I 'm really interested in working with you .
I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Looking on a wider span , cars are available these days according to public demand .
A commercial team responsible for raising awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
" Do you have ice - creams ? " I asked nervously .
It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
And so , the astronaut launches the escape pod and gets home !
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different cities and countries .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
Since he has great expertise in teaching , and is an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
To achieve this , Guido creates an imaginary game for his child once they are deported to a concentration camp .
Would I be brave , determined ?
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
It was just a dream , but very real .
But , alas , my dream did n't come true .
So , people prefer travelling by their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
More vehicles on roads means more car accidents happening .
I hope you do n't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddy .
I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
During my staying there , I was responsible for taking care of the musicians and contacting the media .
Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
Cooking is one of my favourite
Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
She used to live in a flat , so she had never discovered how different and beautiful the world was .
The last sales of the last year were $ 850 .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Generally , bus drivers are much more experienced than car drivers . Therefore , accidents caused by public transport happen quite rarely .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
Thank you very much for your help .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
You could work in a public office , for example .
I would love to show you around my city .
Many think that public transport is going to end .
Many even use cars .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience . Cars are the most expensive mode of transport .
Teachers must learn how to use these new technological devices in order to get their students motivated .
Second , the author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboard users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
With time we became closer friends .
You can find Kids Club 's members everywhere in the hotel , except for your room .
I started my hobby when I was a child .
I will begin by strongly recommending cycling for a number of reasons : better physical health , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
He went out of his little apartment and walked full of confidence to the bus stop .
The best example here could be the regular , weekly filling - the - fridge shopping , which , in principle , can not be pleasant .
However , I think your opinion is similar to what our forebears thought , because for them , society was never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
There were some aspects that I had been really unaware of .
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about that .
Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
It 's exhausting and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock .
You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , the experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzing .
Can you give me a hand with that ?
It allows me to know my body 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
I enjoy this because I like it .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economical , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
They are more beautiful and popular than him , all the girls are in love with them and all boys would pay to attend their parties , including Michael and his friends , who were always excluded .
He knew how Celine loved having her privacy . He knew the moment he admitted to everyone that he loved her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
Welcome to London , tourists !
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
Another thing that is important is the angle .
They quickly took her upstairs to the room .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big car park and beautiful landscaping .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
However , the carved stone balls were not found near any graves .
Public transportation , on the other hand , takes a lot of time to travel from one location to another .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family , because they have so many types of food .
In this way , I 'd have the chance to get to know different people from all over the world and , at the same time , I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historic battles were fought .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in society between white and black people , where all people can live together .
It 's my pleasure to join you here . My major is actually not relevant to Social Sciences . I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
The baking of the meat is excellent .
In a consumer lifestyle , we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help the next generation to succeed by their own means .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
Secondly , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) , it is very late . I 'm gon na die .
It was interesting !
Kind regards .
If you play basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basketball , and try to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Best wishes .
Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
It will be fantastic !
Commuting and travelling using public services will be the first priority .
Reducing the rush hours in the main hours causes a CO2 reduction in the air .
As you know , I helped at a U2 concert last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
On the way there , everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
The first year of university , I revealed my love to him .
In conclusion , travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport , because there are no buses or trains .
They should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve the habits of the population .
But it 's not entirely impossible .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning , e.g. we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired on TV .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives , there have to be some more dramatic things .
He started walking very quickly .
I have many difficulties with programming , but I think that if I work hard I can overcome my difficulties .
The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both the benefits and the drawbacks sales promotions provide .
You do not pay any fare to travel in your car .
No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel , after waiting 4 hours in the emergency room , that her pains were probably only intercostal muscle pains and the tests for something more serious were all negative .
Michael was surprised .
These means of generating renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money spent on convincing people to be responsible for their environment ?
No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth , since I have never seen him face - to - face . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and the surroundings I live in .
In many parts of the world , football evokes great passions and plays an important role in the life of individual fans , local communities , and even nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
Immediately , I did some shopping there . I bought a pair of skinny blue jeans and a tight black dress .
They learn and understand English very well .
I was lucky to notice that and I made it clear to the whole class that they should n't open their booklets .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
No matter what the fact was , or even if it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
It starts with your work life .
Cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
By that time I had attended six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
I hope this problem will disappear soon .
Without waiting for her answer , he just went into the office , gave Mike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope with the resignation letter and left .
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Lack of teaching methods , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until good quality has been set up in the system .
You just click on it .
This technique makes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , leading to increased global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
He was kind and spoke with Mary .
When I started to study here in Australia , I found the difference in curriculum compared to my home country .
Also , because of the gap between upper class and lower class people .
Nevertheless , we can not allow that technology to put our children in danger .
We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
Dear Alex ,
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could lead to a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
Hi Tom ,
In those cities where the number of residents is over a million , the public transport system is widely used .
To begin with , I consider that many homes which will be created in the future must have robots .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things , they differ from other places in the city being visited .
He desperately ran through the train towards the driver .
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .
Some people say zoos are traditional family entertainment and good for animals .
Of course she was really afraid , because if she accepted that job , she would have to move to New York City .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
My mother likes watching soap operas on TV and she got me hooked on this new TV show - iknmp .
Dear Dana Grey ,
The man is really frightened and this situation makes him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
Many young students who have finished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year off before they make the most important decision about which university course they find suitable for their future .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new way of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
I have many problems with my speaking skills .
The car could be broken .
On the other hand , doing shopping is not only something enjoyable .
My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing basketball in my spare time .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
How interesting !
Could bliss be found in death ?
That 's strange , but before the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotive is going to those depths of memory which are really hard to get to in ordinary life .
You want to come to Spain ? You should !
Nowadays , the space needed for countries enlarges , whereas the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
This castle is very old and it is surrounded by water .
I find football interesting because it teaches us a lot of values such as cooperation and onest .
My father rang friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
After he had arrived at home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
Domestic violence
Tell me what happened at our first meeting ?
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related to the dimensions of the building ; the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
There are three main reasons why I enjoy playing football .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside , ecstatic .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
On the other hand , smokers sometimes do n't even realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
Before 2014 , Trivago was not famous in Asia .
The atmosphere is friendly and familiar .
But still , our customs have evolved a lot .
Partly , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
At the moment Micheal wanted to die , he saw a light coming from beyond .
In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
If you take the time to ask around , you 'll find out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated by a central net .
In addition , using this identification may help parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
In my opinion , the difference between installation art and classical art resides in the feeling that they can inspire in the audience .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
The exam is supposed to be on professional matters .
Disasters in the environment not only cause many problems for humans but also to all the diversity of life .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile , with inconveniences and safety being the excuse .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
It was a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) are growing .
I think today 's television is still good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
I am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things like numbers or letters .
Every day , Tom walks along the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
They give the students the freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
And believe me , there is no difference if you are shopping for yourself or for them , it always turns out this way .
Yours faithfully ,
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
Conversely , there are many teenagers who need to take their time and see much of what the world has to offer them .
In fact , he was wearing a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
However , overall I think that this new restaurant has the potential of becoming very popular in a short time due to the food and the great atmosphere .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
It was a great time for me .
The idea of writing a blog triggered my mind as well .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
I hope it wo n't be my last job at a concert .
Besides , I have always worked productively in a team and GMP was common .
I am glad to hear that everything is OK with you .
I always had things to do .
My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
But most importantly , one should enjoy all of this fun .
Summertime was first converted in 1900 .
For example , psychologists are convinced that red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makes them feel hungry .
I am looking forward to your response .
Your friend ,
The crucial point is the transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters .
" What is going on then ? And do not lie to me ! You have always been a very bad liar ! "
I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
One argument , is that more and more people live in cities .
Some teenagers have the good fortune to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
Playing football on a regular basis helps to maintain good health .
So , you do n't know what to do with your promel , do you ?
The difficulty is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , food shortages have become a significant problem facing many countries .
A pretty girl like you is still single ?
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
Recommendations
Football is my favourite sport and I think it will always be in my life .
Not only the background colour , but we also need to choose the artwork .
Hi Mitak ,
For instance , filling the fridge with a large amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and having some fun with friends regularly .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
The pain of jealousy .
Hope we have the chance to see each other next month .
Time is precious .
I ca n't wait to be with her again . I do n't like leaving her for a long time .
I must have seemed cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action would take place .
The first is called good quality sheets . They will be packed and dispatched .
I think paying expensive taxes on personal cars could reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
Firstly , it is a way to get out of the routine , occasionally .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses among their ranks .
When we use public transport , we can read a newspaper or book and when we drive a car it 's impossible .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
On 3rd March 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
The variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
Our ancestors used to live an unselfish life .
Learning languages is indeed difficult and painstaking .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
I think public transport has good prospects for the future for the following reasons .
We all know that doing sport is very important to keep our lives healthy and happy .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
Furthermore , they concoct stories and concepts , publicise them while making animated versions all over the internet .
He was doing well , despite his sad life .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but I probably spend more time with my friends than my family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis had been best friends since elementary school , he had to make his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
I consider myself a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile on my face .
If we ignore them , the earth will get worse .
For instance , some group could have questions , but it would not be able to ask the other group because they would be sleeping at that time .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
I like both ways .
First , whether played individually or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lot of effort .
It is just like playing a game .
This winter , I may be able to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
He is a man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo , love is just a quote and lying is the new truth .
Since then , I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right occupation for me ?
However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
People can enjoy just watching the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
There are no excuses not to be an informed person .
I wondered if he was planning to attend a drama school .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
I think the website needs to be revamped to attract more users .
The other benefit of living abroad is incredible personal experiences .
So an important historical place is St. Katherine 's castle .
Dear all
Because they teach us the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercise . I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
We have to live our lives .
With this method , learners are simply exposed to the target language , either by going abroad to live in the country where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
Even Homer mentioned garlic in his Odyssey .
Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh water to irrigate crops to satisfy their population .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improve if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
I am quite interested in how the stars are getting on .
Given my related experience and excellent abilities , I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
Dyogo
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work - related matters .
Therefore , I am trying to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
He screamed , shouted , waved his hands in the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
Moreover , you can be lucky enough to avoid big traffic jams , especially if you are taking the train .
He is 16 .
I look forward to hearing from you .
A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tasty , consists of thick little pancakes , served warm with melted butter and icing sugar .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in the medium term will be transport .
Develop a better feedback system so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live very near and could help in some emergency if you need someday .
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in sport .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
Computers have definitely affected peoples lives .
Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
He gave me 3 days to think about it .
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to teach me , although he is not a teacher .
We are just three girls , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
My qualifications include broad experience as a childminder and of organising sports activities .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
She finally looked up .
I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in classes , but it is also related to the quality of education in schools .
Learning new lessons from society .
I went there and signed up .
I do n't know what exactly happens , but in every World Cup the atmosphere changes , everybody becomes happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to watch games with friends in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
You will find top notch electronics and general goods .
Now I 'm working in voluntary positions , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .
And I believed her .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not be satisfied with this size of soft drink .
He had not spoken one word to Laura , but she followed him around since the incident .
When I was eighteen years old , I left home .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It is definitely also educating .
If you visit Taiwan , you ca n't miss the temples here .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
First of all , determining the needs of the students is always the top priority .
I meet many people in the park .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Other modern malls are located in the suburbs , but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as they help people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
When they reached eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good education .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
Thank you for your enquiry and your interest in coming here .
In today 's world , television is very important .
With this in mind , some questions arise : should young people be given money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
So , htc has become more energetic and bold in making innovation .
I really like to travel , but I like it most when I travel with friends .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could describe myself as a sportswoman .
And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wear the uniform when called upon by its country .
They are both determined to pay more attention to their surroundings .
This is a story about basketball , my favourite sport .
The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
In the holidays and after school , I 'm often with my friends and family .
My boyfriend and I have a present for your little baby , Nick .
From : yo@gmial.com
Buses :
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Therefore , public transport has its own importance .
They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use them .
The peak of his career was in the early 80s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
Twice a week , a street market offers visitors and residents a wide range of daily goods which have been sourced in the area and are sold by locals .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save money .
She was my first teacher who taught me to repeat my first word and took my hand to take my first step .
And this may have affected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris and New York are wonderful , and the fact that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
Whether you want a fancy bottle of wine , a secondhand wedding dress or an antique clock , you will find it in Lancaster .
First of all , public transport is obsolete .
I would appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
He started to watch the kids running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate studies , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
She 's an impossible woman .
It tells the story of a widowed shop owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
My favourite sport is Badminton because you can have lots of fun while playing .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
Every year the price of public transport goes up .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system is 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
After that , if they played a good game it will be a plus .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting their signature to it .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
Although the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must say I really enjoyed it .
But incinerating a huge part of the rainforest means the destruction of wildlife habitats .
When they released their second album , I was so excited about it and I waited like 2 hours in the line at a music shop to get it . Years passed by , and I was still a fan of them , as I am now .
All of us are surrounded by plastic . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday life .
I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical well - being , it is also a really good hobby .
One night , he went to a party with his colleagues .
It was one dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be problematic in some situations , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
I do n't think so .. .
My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartney .
Hit and run
Best wishes , Julia .
These were experimental models .
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see , they will copy their parents ' actions .
Today , people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
There may be a significant number of arguments which support the statement that fame is a good thing .
Climate change due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
First , fire , then agriculture , irrigation , and nowadays with technology .
People contribution is very important in this matter .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
Designer clothes are not what they look for anymore .
If someone asked me for advice on how to start playing basketball , I would probably suggest starting with a trial practice and if the person enjoys it , he / she could join the club .
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of the 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
It is a known fact that there are very few computer programmers .
In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs could reduce danger and technical problems on the track and we should reduce the long straights .
He seemed like my boyfriend .
Response : My educational qualifications are Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
Katy
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden , it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it is like apple juice ) .
Doubtless , such interactions with other people will help you to broaden your mind and learn new things .
On
How about you ?
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a volunteer .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman , but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
Teach us about debates .
The pace of life has been speeded up , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or at the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
He can come with us on our trip .
They like to take pattern modeled on older people who are popular on the Internet .
Sharing my flat with two boys is amusing most of the time , but when it 's about cleaning … oh my !
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
Now I am studying German .
When driving a car , we will face parking space problems in a city .
Working with groups of people fills me with lots of energy and , as they need me , I need them too .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students , so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
Swimming develops all types of muscles .
Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television and its achievements .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very good .
As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking for an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite of enjoying life .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increase the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
Let 's meet at John 's apartment .
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
I have become more organized , and I have managed to do more than I could have imagined .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfying .
I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
Dear Sir ,
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were born .
He knew he had to do something in this moment because otherwise something bad may happen ...
Hi !
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
Last but not the least , Trivago wants to boost its download rate in the mobile application platforms .
Listen , I will tell you about getting to my apartment .
It is very important to think about possibilities that could create your fortune .
I was working in a very small country and my office was isolated , so I did n't have any contact with other people and my job started to get boring .
It does not matter how hard the players try to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a nearby place , but some of them do n't think the same .
Best wishes .
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
I was still out of breath sometimes , but I kept doing it because I wanted to achieve my goal of losing 10 pounds .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops if you are a pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
The principal character is Grace , who is the mother of her two children , Nicholas and Anne .
In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their children should only travel on school buses protect them too much .
I assisted the project engineer with Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
So , why are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
I have just completed a 5-year course in English and I got very good marks .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
What happened to me is not the reason for my mood but I 'm sure it contributed .
In addition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers are one way to present , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Maybe you 'll choose to attend university in one of these cities !
Maybe it 's because of that I have a high regard for the road .
Not only will this solve pollution , it will also help us to get rid of obesity .
And then , let me tell you about another place , ' Duksu Palace '
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
So it 's better to choose sport instead of computers in order to relax and feel positive emotions .
My idol was , is , and always will be Justin Bieber .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of view .
My Life at University
That 's the raison d'être of horse racing : lose or win money .
No doubt manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour will sell well .
We had a good time .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I would totally agree with the idea that children should not use mobile phones during class , but during breaks .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the best bays in Vietnam , so I especially recommend you to go there .
This helps them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
Yours sincerely ,
In conclusion , it would be a good idea and a viable way is through sponsorship .
Wear comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Humans prefer a luxurious life .
We have found this kind of agent in songs with a love relationship as the subject .
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Football is a good way to do exercise because it is interesting and fun .
Thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Dear Jo ,
Why do they need a smartphone ?
Apart from that , there are other containers focused on every type of object .
The next day , the waitress knocked once , twice , three times , but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
If Trivago wants to earn profit from the Hong Kong market , it has to develop and enhance its brand image .
He did n't mention it was a horror movie .
They often swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
This summer was really great .
This summer I would like to come to one of your camps in the USA .
Furthermore , sometimes people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer difficult issues .
In addition , the images can be slightly raised .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people survive by themselves , and they do spend a lot of time helping others .
Depending on the season , Mt .
A product which everybody is talking about and which is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
The primary outcome is the increasing temperature , and this leads to melting glaciers .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
The relationship between famous people and journalists is an attractive focus in our society .
In winter , we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
Yours sincerely ,
You may think that I met them or I got an autograph , but I must disappoint you .
What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
In addition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their own cars because there are few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
These stories , once heard , can open somebody 's heart to learn to love learners despite everything .
I also like Stolen Dance by Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
They mostly depended on animals to pull carts and to ride on them .
I am a 20-year - old girl with an immense desire to get busy this summer .
Here there are also many nice castles .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
It would be better if you offered drinks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
Another positive aspect of zoos is that they help to protect endangered species by offering them a safe place to live .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
" What are young people interested in ? "
My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
The answer is :
First with the radio , news about events happening far from your local community could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
You will find attached two references written by the two directors of the camps where I have worked .
Awaiting your response .
It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fishing together .
If you want to feel fit , you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
I have experience working with children . My experience is from two years in summer camps around the world .
My favourite sport is tennis .
Best wishes !
Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided , I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
On the other hand , can someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend democracy .
For example , 53% of the female students are online for more than 3 hours a day .
It helps you to ask people for a lot of important information which you need during your journey .
In this category of processes , there is another participant known as the affected , because the action of the verb affects or concerns it .
Everyone in the village tries to find the children .
He looked at the bathroom door and walked over to it .
It encourages customers to purchase its services and truly make use of it .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
Good Morning :
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
What will our life be like in the future ?
In Garigento , we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
It 's really delicious !
We know how to destroy hail clouds which can cause great damage to our crops .
For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
This again implies that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Also , going on holidays by car can be very convenient .
Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
Yours sincerely ,
This fact , along with the spread of personal computers , quickly led to a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
When he grew up he struggled to overcome his illness and he became a sane , strong , handsome young adult man .
See you soon Spain !
In this essay I will discuss two of these : the immersion method , and the classroom method .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
But the engineer ignored this situation . Then a helicopter came to save the residents .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
So , I will elaborate on this subject .
But when he arrived in Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
If people do military service when they are just 18 , they may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who works in the military may request the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
And there is a risk in hiring a spokesperson , as he may not bring an expected return for the company .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarves on .
Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best in the world .
Public transport is not as valued as it should be although a lot of people use it every day .
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
Regarding the acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not much to say .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I had known them since they were born .
Nonetheless , changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
If after are all that we are still hungry , we order cakes .
But everything changed quite rapidly then .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are always working to earn more money , we do n't meet our neighbours , for example .
The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do at language tests .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Finally , the film had the great touch of Tim Burton as director .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I could enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by your representative .
I will meet you at the train station .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well - being increased .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything that I would like to buy .
We can easily travel around the world .
Aactivist of animals rights claim that the reason is keeping animals in zoos .
Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position now .
One way to get the information needed is to interview people from the neighbourhood and either write down what is being said or record it as an audio - file .
First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
Please , help me find her .
Shopping is very important to people .
It was very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
Homes in the future may be more modern and safe .
In the future , you 'll have to pay a lot of money for university , a new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .
I suppose I would have to say that , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course . Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did .
By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup and is called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
It would be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
Now , the price of a car is very low , so it is very easy to buy a car .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting and nice people , but like every city , be careful in the rough areas .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere .
They met each other nine years ago .
All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
If you come here , you will see a lot of the country and you could travel around the world .
About the accommodation . We talked and decided that we would prefer to be with English - speaking families because of the great opportunity it is for everyone to actually test their speaking skills .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the famous natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
Dear James ,
Secondly , you 'll get off at the Galleria .
This is a big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
To sum up , the Spanish military academy has a lot of equipment for teaching future officers .
I work out the problem easily .
Good management of the rubbish is a new trend in many neighborhoods of my town .
I 'm an energetic and responsible person .
Hello John !
However , I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and the Internet .
To this end , it proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , which called upon all parties concerned to take the steps outlined below :
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as trains is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
We had a great time .
There is a time to love and a time to hate .
We entered 2 national competitions in 2 years and won second place for one of our projects and gained 2 leagues for other ones .
Jessyka stavros .
Everybody was friendly to me .
All our friends will be there .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the game in depth .
I definitely recommend that album for your collection .
On the other hand , it helps to reduce the pollution made by cars , ..
I hope you are well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .
I just got back from a school trip to London .
In fact , factories ' waste goes into the rivers .
The members of my family are my best friends .
This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to warm up .
I am writing to report on the local transport in Toluca .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars , there will be more money for improvements .
We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally . For example , it helps the US and China to normalize their relations .
In her country , education for girls was forbidden but she stood up against this situation , going to school and even being shot for that .
Armando Martínez
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
For one reason - convenience .
Nowadays , many countries have ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention of constructing housing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
And shot them all dead .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
Looking forward to meeting you and your family as soon as possible !
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
At night , there 's another side to this town .
Cars pollute our air , which leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies and even cancer .
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
Their . Their voices have positive vibration through their music and give you a good feeling .
The way I see it , finding the origin of languages can be similar to knowing our own family tree .
My bedroom
However , you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
She began to study at a prestigious University .
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you would like me to introduce myself .
I like the Indian restaurants in the city . In addition , the infrastructure and roads are well organised .
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an aborted foetus .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organization .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Your parents always support and defend you . They are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
Not only the supermarket has these containers . They are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
If the bus drivers could follow their timetables there would n't be any argument .
They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life , because there are plenty of people , who dream of being them .
So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
Worried , he opened it and read , in horror , how his wife had had an accident and was in hospital .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific theory .
Ana Cantú
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
• Does anyone feel like a victim ?
As it 's a mind - set game , the player needs to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
Commonly , the dreamers say that they :
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in the long term than travelling by public transport every day .
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economies rapidly , and it means that many areas of farmland and forests are being cut down to build better and bigger houses and a more convenient transportation system .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael ran away .
Thank you for your advice . Kisses !
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the change of plan for the cruise .
In terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrates the process of making them .
In Brazil , the social rules like vocal patterns are reflected in the communication values , which can be decisive to maintain good communication .
As children liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
When the new year starts , we hug and kiss , wishing each other happy new year and presents are exchanged .
She had n't called me at all .
She looked around the living room , and was surprised how many people were there .
The factors which hinder other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of Vashtu 's results ' failure to meet their expectations .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteño .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to go back to his country .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
If you plan to enjoy your trip amongst the fresh green landscape of Java island , you should travel by train .
Because of the lack of space , people came up with the brilliant idea of creating these floating houses . They are made of a special type of glass and have a spherical shape .
Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
I want to specialize in translation concerned with the petroleum sector .
Anyway , we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .
Despite that , we started to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
I think it is a wrong way of thinking of sports .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
It was n't typical of her .
The island boasts fresh air and clear parks .
become more healthy .
One problem is that some scenes are too long , like the one in which they 're having dinner with the colonel 's family .
Finally , I would like to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohol service .
In conclusion we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
The butterfly feeling in my stomach started to appear .
With public transport you do not need to worry about filling up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
Or maybe she wants something else ?
I graduated from University with a specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
When the weather is good , especially during spring , street markets are really popular .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
The next day , we made sure to go to the beach early and we had a blast with our other friends .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
When we come home after work , or school , we need a way to relax .
I think Taiwan will recover in the near future .
It is a known fact that travelling by car is less green than by travelling public transport .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all the emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
She was very angry and she could not believe that her son had done that .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the website will think again about what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
23.05.14
The salary is nice too .
Moreover , through my internship experience , I have acquired good analytical , quantitative and computer skills .
What is love ?
Sara .
One month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on your online website .
There was a doctor in the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
Price
Sara
Sport centre
They have to find another job .
It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
The death of public transportation
She says " swallowing my pride " .
At least once a month , usually on Sundays , my friends and I hold a competition .
He forgets everything when he plunges into his Neverland .
Do n't waste any more time !
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body needs more and more , so if you take cocaine , you will leave because you 'll be an addict .
He knew that among his innermost feelings there was a growing icy animosity towards human nature .
Also , for low income families , who could n't afford to buy new cars , public transposition will help them to survive .
In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
After all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
For those who feel brave , there is also a wall where you can climb with all the equipment .
In this stage of their lives , they care more about their need to impress their peers than mature reasoning .
In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to affirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
In my opinion , it is a good idea to spend some time travelling , because you will have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of the crisis , there is very little work for anyone .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboard users taking over pedestrian walking space .
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
Behind this word I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel very warm feelings .
It was great you hear from you .
Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough resources to satisfy our needs , not our greed . "
I am very proud of the awareness of my city 's people .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
Yours ,
The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
I have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
DANTE LOZANO .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not true at all .
An automobile is a luxury in some countries , like mine .
The couple nodded and showed the ID of the man from the other city .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that Extremadura 's roads need a big repair programme because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
Do you agree with me ?
Ana
On the other hand , they should learn something new in a summer camp .
They had to escape with the doors of the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of terrible things ( people killing ) .
Someday I want to go to Bali , because it seems like a really nice place .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to explore their culture .
In Brazil , regular schools teach students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them become immersed in the language .
Dear Sir ,
In both the extremes of speech , loud and low , there is a violation of the values of good communication .
If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish and self - interested , she would obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasoning .
It has turned out to be very handy .
I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
After we came back , I told my family everything .
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
Three years ago , I worked as a Spanish teacher in an Australian boarding school .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I will be able to understand native speakers .
If Azucena did not live there , we would not know Toulouse .
Because the more people use the Internet , the greater the chances are of people misusing it .
We are asking you not to be indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
Suzanne
My town takes care of the environment , because the people of my town try to plant as many trees and plants as they can .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make - up to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain fame in the easiest way .
It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
Teachers can assign tasks which have different levels of difficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students at different levels .
In the blink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
Most importantly , this early intervention can help many kids with dyslexia to overcome their educational failure .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives are lengthened .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard Road are good if you want to buy anything from mid - range to high - end goods .
If you have your own car , these things do n't bother you anymore because you wash your car anytime you want .
lessons on their computers from their teachers .
When it turns out that all the people we got used to idolising are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
But now we need more buses or another faster public transport system .
They deserve to have a normal life , have secrets , a moment of peace without curiosity around them .
How are you ?
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering Thai dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
I 'm an au pair .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking the CAE exam .
What about you ?
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play them regularly .
2 . -
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
If you have any further questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome the opportunity of an interview to give you additional information on what I can contribute to Meltwater News .
Write back soon and let me know if you have any concerns .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for half an hour .
What are you eating ?
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , taught me how I should educate , for several years .
Sandra Barrientos
So annoying when I ca n't continue learning English .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without leaving home .
They have so much fun !
I believe I would be the perfect candidate for this position and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient for you .
In the background , you can see the River Amur .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of travelling .
Thus , we should prepare ourselves for whatever is coming in the future .
Almost every family has more than one car .
Why ?
As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who , most of the time , share the same line of interest with me .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
I am a bartender who has been awarded three times in international bar - show contests .
Laura Smith .
Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
Yours faithfully ,
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
They had to isolate the chemicals to find the formula to have the cure .
I think it is just a coincidence that the sheep looks like a human .
Otherwise everybody wants a better future .
Everyone who has ever stood on a surfboard and tried to catch the wind with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified young people find themselves facing both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
Maintaining cars is expensive .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that one .
The change of climate leads to a lot of terrible things breaking out .
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country .
The concert was great !
Dear Ms Hammond ,
My dear students may not have known it , but really , they too are the source of my inner strength .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
- Prince Jason is here .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and he was a very funny , fast and sweet animal .
Lucía Orellana
I am writing in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phones at high school which was published in your newspaper on Monday 12th of September .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
The rate of road accidents has increased in a few decades .
I discovered that I know many more words than I thought and I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at the beginning of this school year .
Let us look at an example of a university student .
I love to play cricket .
If you have a ready - made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between aisles in the grocery store .
My favorite sport is swimming .
Mr. Chou is a famous doctor in my country .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook at my house and I think I do very well .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government and skills is a very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
We have to be very patient .
Yeeun
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
She asked him when the bus was going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they asked me to do it again .
In conclusion , I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason ; to communicate something .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Middle East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home makes you lose contact with others .
The woman 's name was Sara .
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
After that , the consumers did a blind taste test .
Second , I can travel all around the world , and meet different people who are very friendly .
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at the bazaar shops .
A " BUG " may appear from a man - made system because of incomplete coding .
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges ' command .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
In the end , the government changed the law , encouraging people to provide non - smoking areas .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am going to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to receiving positive news from you .
The temperature was over 20 degrees .
They not only help me in every match , but also share everything with me in daily life .
Even if you do n't know how to swim , you will love it .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
Sometimes it is difficult to get so many people to practise a team sport .
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
At the end of the day , she said : " You 're right .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
You need just the necessary to have a happy long life .
However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
I sincerely doubt that I would paint the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they were made from .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty , talented daughter . He owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
This must be some kind of joke .
I have a great time with them .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
There were two bodies in that place .
That 's an incredible opportunity .
Alejandro
The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
But in summer I went by car .
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Dear Sir ,
But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
When I ride a horse , I feel much better and forget all of my problems .
Nobody can argue with the fact that education is a crucial period in the development of a child .
But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transport .
Dana
As well as that , the lifestyle of our society is pushing us to be more passive .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - hmm - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
Thanks for your letter .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
I would show you the restaurant which is my favorite choice .
In this day and age it falls on the taxpayers .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about , it just depends on how you look at it .
It was an amazing and very instructive summer camp and I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
But if you are lucky , you will be able to park .
And it was 6:32pm . "
In recent years , the public transport system has been improved .
I think football gives you a lot of feelings and experiences .
The obsolete trams and trolleys have been replaced .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
she was absolutely fine .
It once was just a simple cemetery , but now it is an open air museum .
The doorbell rang .
But in the dance field I have a lot of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
Some said that he would be played by other famous British actors , but others thought that an actress should play the new role .
I would strongly recommend young people to take up this sport .
I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
I agree with this affirmation because public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economical .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
If you are young , you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and , with time , improve your performance .
If we choose the appropriate kind of advertising for our product , I can assure you that we will succeed .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
This way , there will be less trouble when doing the exercise .
Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend on each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
Not the majority , of course , but there are many racists .
Teenagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school , future job , which way they will go in their life , if they want to be in a relationship with someone .
I 'm so sorry that it took me so long to reply , but I had to move out of my parents ' house last week .
Cycling is another suitable option , if the weather allows .
First of all , they can give rules to younger people .
There is perhaps nothing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
I am not a class act , yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it after entering a colourful and attractive store .
Inside the house , there would be enormous French windows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
lower .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
We have called the police , but they ignore us .
By helping our society grow , but not too much .
It can never be regained . Even the most powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
He loved the idea of descending to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and yellow shorts .
And , of course , you should be a team player .
I hope this will help you .
Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys much older than me .
As I have said before , I have to look after two kids , which includes cooking for them .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and they make the best food .
Max froze . He did not know what to do .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they always tell the truth .
When you use a car , you do not have to think about timetables and you do n't have to pay for expensive tickets for travelling .
It was unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she was a Southerner .
It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same language and who are at the same level in their vocabulary .
Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
Dear sir ,
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
He was exhausted , so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party , and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many . However , most of them share the same instruments .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a wide selection of food and drink .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken place than 30 years ago .
After he understood the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give it a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
On the other hand , the pensioners will be sure of their futures .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
- There are n't enough parking spaces and they are very expensive . For example , when you travel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
They have been present in our societies for ever .
Shopping with your husband , boyfriend , father or any representative of the male gender , also can totally ruin the most fruitful shopping ever .
But they needed to make the boat even stronger and more rigid so it would support all the family and all the extra food they would need .
I adore his imagination because he is able to take you away on a cloud to a never - never land .
What is more , they do not do the same things as their parents did .
We also count on the following services :
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
This is not surprising .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents the story in a realistic way .
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Therefore , I think this experience of three months could offer me a unique chance to grow as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
Trivago is not very well known in Hong Kong .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
I am delighted to be seeing you soon .
Students ' Use of Leisure Time
In my view , we should all reconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
My favourite sport is running .
All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect us more than others .
Actually , there are many communities that still do not receive enough help , otherwise many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
Rate is pretty low .
Football as a favourite sport
Will it be good , or not ?
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power stations .
Among the popular sports in our country are football , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating and others .
Apart from an ability to get on well with people , I read a lot .
The marriage ceremony took place in a wonderful church . There were flowers everywhere , live music , three hundred guests and , of course , the bride and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
It will be very good for us , for the animals and for all the plants .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
It was a huge surprise for me !
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers where the boy died .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
He said to me he needed money .
I could n't eat anything , even on New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't play poker with my cousins .
Moreover , the repetition is massive . I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
You can also go to a club .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at football , basketball and tennis .
He went with the trip from California to Texas and then to Phoenix .
Many people use public transport on a daily basis .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months ' training made him fully ready for this race .
I practise the Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
It does not always work correctly .
His son was cured and in the recovery room . Tom visited him and they became friends .
He helped them after they finished their session and took them to the meeting room .
In conclusion , people need to find the right way which can save a lot of time and energy to study these two subjects .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environmental problems .
Is it really possible that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
I am going with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that students can develop an awareness of the matter at a young age .
hhhh Sometimes it is funny ,
A white man racially profiles a black man .
At that moment , my dog was playing with a ball that was small and green .
I am a very energetic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fun - to - be - with 30-year - old woman who loves spending time with children .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish people , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
What surprised me more positively was the level of peer support , the cooperation and the comradeship .
Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
People should do both study and work side by side to make themselves more skilled and capable .
Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemade cake .
Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
Cars are not good .
The temperature of the changing room is too low
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , it is good , but especially for young people who think it is good entertainment to watch the whole day .
When he finally came back home , his wife was nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
Dear Mr
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city as Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the best ones .
way to move from one place to another .
I was beginning to get very agitated when somebody knocked on the door .
2 Attachments
What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a worldwide spoken language be ?
The cleaning services work well .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
Its title is " Visockiy " .
I am a student in the last semester of a Molecular Life Sciences program and I am looking for an analytical job .
Also , we need to know how it is made .
It is from the bachelor programme to the 1 year programme .
I really want this .
Moreover , tennis can be seen as a metaphor of life .
I believe that people should limit the use of their cars to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
For several decades , the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertaken by the government .
I think that sport is important for discipline in life .
There are two things that most influence my life .
When the children go out , it becomes sad .
Write to me as soon as possible .
After a couple of minutes , take the cake out of the oven and let it cool down .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Please give me or David a call should you wish to discuss this further .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
It was the capital of the Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty , so it has a lot of ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
I started when I was 18 years old and I played 2 days per week .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
Fleming plays his partner 's role , an AC-12 undercover specialist , who prides herself on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerations .
Canada is a nation built by citizen - soldiers .
belive in yourself .
On the one hand , there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
I 'm sure you 'll agree with the fact that basketball is a good sport for the body and soul too .
I wanted to go out to her , so I opened the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Yours faithfully
For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
And then they just show products specially for children .
I strongly believe that research has valuable benefits for society and the environment .
One of these is traffic jams .
People should get used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that through school would be really appealing .
It is well known that GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance genes .
Hi Richard ,
I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
Secondly , it 's not comfortable , because you drive every day instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
I 'd chosen a method of teaching that was not suitable for the group .
My experience with children of different ages and countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your esteemed company .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework , so , he ran back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
If you begin to do this sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
As the foetus begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
It 's the most fun sport in the world . When you 're kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected by passion .
But cars need petrol .
Homeless people tend to be unable to gather information because of lack of means to do it .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
I love her but she scares the hell out of me .
I have played for a lot of teams .
Finally , it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technology .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
It was time to escape , even though his mother would find out who ate it eventually .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
The range of techniques they use to strike the audience is colossal .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
In conclusion , the adoption of the Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
When you go to the beach you have to cross a large avenue to get there on foot .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
Only if all of that is guaranteed will the motivation increase .
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a big earthquake ...
Sarah was not exactly the coolest girl in the school but she came anyways , thinking that maybe for once she would be accepted in their group . But no one was to be seen behind that window .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
How long ?
Your muscles will be hard .
People use public transport to save money .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much . Nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
This restaurant only has one little problem .
I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the assessment of students ' grades could be standardized throughout the whole country .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should be a necessary part of everybody 's life . We should use it every day to save the Earth , money , and time .
First of all , public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from South Asia .
Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
The result is much less work and a better life .
He meets a strong opponent who is a winter soldier when he wants to find the wirepuller .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economic and cultural center , but also a city with a long history .
Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional with a focus on Business English , I could be a great asset to your company .
I thought , no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar as a prize .
There are also numerous complaints with regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
For example , my pupils had to learn the difference between this and that and I let them make a short film about pointing at things in school saying : this door , that window , this is my teacher , that is a chair .
They can hire local people , give them well - paid jobs , and those people may learn how global corporations work , which is a good thing for local economies .
It takes almost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages during the trip .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
Thus , people believe that children learning foreign languages at primary school are worse than children who learn one later .
Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 years .
Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
In the majority of cases , members of a family have the same blood and genes and they also share living space .
I 'm usually not good at talking or any social things .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win the Champions League .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
There are a lot of old photos compared with new ones .
I remember two contrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain ; they chose me .
Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
The next day , Tuesday , it was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so much easier .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
She nodded and made another effort to look around .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue water .
Secondly , businesses suffered , with people objecting that they should be given the right to smoke if they wished .
When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
Take as an example of this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
A weakness I would like to overcome is that I often think or say " I will do that later " and never do it or say the same thing when it 's time to do it .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked in a designated area .
He soon came to realise how disorganised public transport is in the South of Italy .
This means a lot to me . You are a wonderful friend .
The company told Louis that they did n't want to bother him , but that they were interested in investing in this kind of project , because it was related to the purpose of the company : exploring .
Yours Agnieszka
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
Then we returned to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
Currently , I play in the first division of the club River PLate from Argentina .
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've seen on the noticeboard of my language school .
Thais
There were not enough police to go round checking every public place .
So , yes , the decision is made .
- I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I really have to go , see you later - John replied , panting .
Therefore , one should not waste time watching them .
A new person entered his life one day .
Some people would suggest that learning new languages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
Public transport is definitely better .
It is a commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
Your new friends seem to be crazy guys . In a good way , of course .
I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early childhood .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it puts a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
NO one at all .
How are you ?
Working as a journalist is very exciting for many reasons .
A football match is something special and you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's match .
I hope for a positive response .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
D. Perhaps bilingual school creation might be a good idea for Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
They want to spend all evening together .
Lorena
So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exercise .
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and a motor , but the electronics in the car stopped working .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and unhealthy ingredients to cook the food .
If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
The movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could say the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it will be considered a classic .
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Like everyone , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day , little by little , from mistakes .
Another stricken area is the social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
I think that everyone must do everything to be healthy .
It feels just like a horror movie .
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involves two teams .
It is the best or much more convenient for us .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
He thought happily that he was not only on his way to his new job but he was on his way to his new life .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Being with all my friends , even sweating and bleeding with them , really made us bond as a group of hard - working young men I know will succeed in life .
For a very long time there has not been scientific evidence that proved the relationship between organizational culture and performance , until studies found a correlation between these subjects .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep them tidy .
In my opinion , it 's one of the most fascinating places in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
My favourite sport is football .
I needed money which I could spend during my study semester .
I usually take public transport to go to the University , because public transport is cheaper than a car .
a summer job in a travel agency , because they need someone in
The portion of prawns is very famous , as is the octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
The chamber 's guide was written by business men and women who were familiar with the habits of both countries .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time as you check it .
My life now
We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
Two years later , we moved back , but I continued speaking both Dutch and English to my parents .
Lots of love ,
You do not worry about traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who are capable of understanding how to manage the modern devices and use all kinds of transportation .
Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
It has become a big problem now .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverages decrease sugar intake efficiently .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but there really was n't any sound !
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf of morality and ethics .
When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours a day .
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
I hope this information is enough for a start and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in November , and if you can , we could have a drink .
I will describe some good places to visit .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
It is like you are going downstairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
The above - mentioned situation means that during the assessment other goals that an entrepreneur might have were not taking into account .
There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
Our mums went to high school together , although they never talked a lot .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes . I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
There are so many kinds of problems which environmental pollution causes .
What a lucky man you are to have a year free !
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
It is a good place to live .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run on electricity . We can decrease pollution by using electricity .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
Yours faithfully ,
You should .
To tell the truth , shopping is so boring for men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affected and thus they will feel less happy than other people living in unpolluted areas .
Later , his parents became very angry and even beat him for his mischief .
People who decide to work in show - business or the media have to be aware of having less privacy .
In total , there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
Alison put on her coat , closed the door and went to her parents ' house by car .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
The first time was in London for 6 months , and most recently , in Berlin for 8 months .
It 's a really expensive solution , but we must do that for
Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
In my opinion , the main course needs improvement .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and languages and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
he asked himself .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
But this time , he just knew she would never come .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers are exposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
Do n't forget to play with your friends .
I started with three kilometers for one jog .
As we all know , trees store carbon dioxide .
During our stay , all the staff were friendly and always available .
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
She smiled and thought that it was a joke .
The world is getting smaller for people with so many cars around ; it 's about time everyone thought about the community and not about themselves .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
So , I will have time to also learn more about British culture and history .
Well you are mistaken .
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
Mary
But it was a very brief emotion .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you take care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen , because I really love to cook .
Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
Dear Sir
I have run upstairs so many times .
Special shops
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
In my town , we have a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .
In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treat me very well .
Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
Here are some of my solutions for this issue .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
That is why many cities have closed their centres to private cars and only allow public transport .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run the marathon with you , because the distance is too great for me . I 'm not fit enough for that .
Some families may be able to afford money and do n't think about its value .
So the food I make with my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
On the other hand , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
During the past five years , I have been organizing various events not just in England , but also in the United States and Portugal .
Firstly , for long - distance journeys , the car is not as convenient as airplanes ,
The first problem is that we do n't have enough apparatus for all of the students .
A lot of people like it , I think because it is the cheapest sport .
Suddenly , his water floaded and tears dropped from his eyes .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
But after a while he thought about something bigger , huge and more expensive .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is told through a first - person narration from the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use trams , subways or boats , and for a long distance , they can take a flight .
There are many kinds of sport and my favourite is Karate .
So we need to stand together .
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only very few controls are done on the quality of what is actually broadcast .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit in ; sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
That is why I wish to work in the area of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad would give me an extra motivation and open new doors to show and expand my full potential .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy ending and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
It 's big with many activities .
The duration of the gadget fashion .
The most important thing is to wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
Thus , is it understandable why many feel younger government workers should be incubated before being given promotion to important positions .
In my opinion , every family must have good communication , because I think communication is one of the most important things in our life .
Therefore , she has everything good about being a celebrity , but the most important is that she is a great person .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
I have worked for a long time in a school and I consider myself very good with kids and teenagers .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
Tom drove back to town and then walked really fast to his work .
I really recommend that movie to watch .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
leisure time together .
We saw a lot of sights , like Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world , and the London Eye .
I worked for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
But , why will it disappear ?
He 's a little bit lazy but he loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
Thank you so much !
My favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
Hi Paul ,
I have played for 12 years .
Encouraging yourself that you can work perfectly well for you .
Its comfortable , efficient and economical features have been attracting more young professionals .
I would be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
One of my main responsibilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted last week in our school .
I glanced at the groom jealously .
My favorite sport is football .
What if the owner of the house has caught her ?
Tanzawa et al . (
Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
Even now , as he stood in the doorway of this abandoned apartment building he knew that they may be hot on his trail .
can also satisfy passengers who can not travel by plane and need to take long - distance journeys .
As technology enhances the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it because of many different attractions that these cars have .
On the whole , I think that young people now have a wide variety of interests .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of all time .
Ana Ferreira
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
In desperation , he walked to the river bank .
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
I recommend this experience .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
The cities are crowded and there is a lot of pollution from noise and exhaust .
Advertising is everywhere .
Louis was convinced that this new project would be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed . He loved to read about science , inventions , and keep up - to - date with the news .
Get rekt m8
Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misunderstand them .
123 456 7890 .
Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from the wet chemistry laboratory and from the microbiology laboratory gave to me .
" Where has the sweet box gone little thief ?
China is a big industrial country , so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
What do you think ?
It is efficient and private .
Pretty Little Liars is a little bit scary , but I like it .
1 . A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
This is a difficult question to answer too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
Because of that , I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
Referee advises players about the rules of the game .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from a mother as other children , his father married another woman .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
It was from the most dangerous and terrifying gang in the village .
I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
I think that 's why this city can maintain a safe environment .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .
If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should be separated into good and bad .
At this press conference , Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
1- Most patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma , as in elderly people , especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
Set in in late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
I feel awful .
On the other hand , computers have very bad effects on both us , and the environment .
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving on 27th of July ) .
Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but , in the same way , manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
I look forward to receiving your reply at your earliest convenience .
However , the main drawback of such progress is that we now rely more on computers than on our own capacities .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old portraits on his wall . It was like a horror movie !
First , I was really impressed by the performances of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
On the other hand , it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
The damage which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle are catastrophic !
Moreover , television has the advantage of being able to utilize sight , sound and motion .
But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
I can speak English very well .
I was a broken man ; barely alive !
It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
In Korea , we usually use chopsticks when we eat meals and spoons as well .
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Every human has points of strength and weakness .
His whole life , he only wished for one thing , and that was to be popular .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art , such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
I chose to study law because I think that law is very important in our society .
My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .
I did not go to Hogwarts or turn my brother into a frog .
The main problem of having these two perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .
Firstly , family is the basis of the relationship .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consuming harmful foodstuffs ?
He was starting to get agitated , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding . It was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
Good thrillers have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
And I know which subject you 've always been interested in : music .
Also , you wrote to me that you have started to give guitar lessons , so you are not going to be isolated from music and it will go on playing an important role in your life .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would first like to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which was very close to our cost .
Because nowadays I see around me kids who are pleased in every way by their parents : they buy them whatever they want , and behave like " friends " .
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
So who can be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
My favourite sport is slalom .
Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
They can travel to another place irrespective of the time .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
In my opinion , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
She reproached me for not waking her up despite the fact that she had been calling me so eagerly .
But you want to see all the goods and maybe buy one of the products .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea of doing it and decided to be a shaggy - girl .
The television commercial presents information to the audience in a straightforward way .
For example , air , water and land pollution .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is much cheaper .
Two years ago , when I was still in school .
You must care about your food and your habits so that you have a healthy body .
Delicious !
However , public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience .
To sum up , because the geniuses that we have decided to recognize as such have been recognized , they argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
Yours faithfully
Your thoughts are the only ones that will make the difference , so take care only of them and believe in yourself so you can achieve the prestige you 're looking for .
The windows are bound to be broader .
The square is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
All this started in July .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
How do the educational institutions judge a student being likely to succeed or not ?
And now , when cities are expanding , public transport will be more important than ever .
Since I was in F.5 , when I became capable of teaching somebody , I started to be a Korean teacher and a private English tutor .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS TO OUR ENGLISH COURSE
AIESEC 's Approach
However , my objection is that interactive learning is not the only way for children to be educated .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
But that day - it was in spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
In the right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to allowed to sell knives .
So she packed her luggage and she came to say goodbye to him .
I love how Jessie helps me with everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
Thereby , new regulatory sources are created in response to the globalized legal context .
Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and is still growing rapidly .
Introduction :
However , the art and science museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
Technically minded and with good problem - solving skills , I am able to work effectively in fast - paced and ever - changing environments .
Truly , there is no future for public transport .
They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
It was like it was waiting for a terrifying event .
When you play in a tournament you play a lot of football and you also spend a lot of time with your friends .
They are together .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
Walking every day is what I enjoy .
Of course , you might be angry , but it 's not a big deal .
I ca n't agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
Next , I started to read books such as the Harry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .
It is not fair .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at all , he had changed his mind about the trip .
Good ones will be packaged and distributed . workers will cut them and deal with them carefully .
Although now that the holidays are coming , they need people to help and ride the amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
Do n't you think I should wear this during the premiere ? "
This is followed by an animated discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from the coffee bar , which is open late , of course !
Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has with domestic abuse .
However , Peter decided to turn down Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Those kinds of things help the brain to be more active and process information faster .
You can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
I should present a little bit of the history of it .
I'm sorry . Maybe next year I can go .
The river in Toulouse is the Garona .
And the other questions : which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
People may say that travelling on public transport is the future for our lives .
Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important person for me , who is my best friend .
She opened her eyes .
It is the best movie I have ever seen ! You will be tense while watching the whole movie and I know it .
In my opinion , it is not true .
" Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
It attracts many fashionable people .
It is the most important thing that they should think about carefully before they start their studies .
The advice I would give to someone who is starting this sport , is ,
We are going to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .
And also , there is a gift shop and a cafe .
Cars make it easier to transport children and luggage .
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
Do n't you want to feel the same ?
Giving them the opportunity to take care of you and your situation will change all your life in a good way .
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE IT'LL BE USEFUL .
Angel
He always tells me that " we " are fine , referring to him and his cat .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled man " but he was younger and , obviously , he ran faster .
Dear , Sir / Madam
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life , even if they are famous .
As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving doctors , nurses and patients ' relatives .
About Saturday evening . Why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction videos ?
The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
She was shocked .
Everybody has goals that they want to achieve .
In conclusion , public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything would be a disaster .
Doing sports or just watching them ?
Public transport can connect people .
I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans for it .
She could n't help staring and realised his eyes were not the shade of any typical blue .
Yours faithfully .
Another typical dish from the northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butter and typical cheese .
The brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary man is almost forced to feel enlightened in his ignorance , finally becoming brainwashed .
Michael had a chemistry test the next day , but he was n't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex , his best friend :
Some workers choose to use public transport rather than their own cars .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes these acting performances perfect .
Ever since a curse was put upon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that the miners had to go through .
Third , when I
In contrast to the male respondents , the girls questioned go to evening classes in their free time .
For more than 50 years , it has been the main entertainment channel , displacing others like radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
People 's lifestyles have changed completely in the past 20 years .
We are sociable and welcoming people .
His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
Programming is fun and math concepts are absorbed much more easily through it .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
Some people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without new clothes and furniture .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the true blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
We will definitely have better drugs and also fewer incurable diseases .
I recommend you practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
About my CV you have . It is up to date and you can keep it . Maybe you have some new offer that matches better with my profile .
So , when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
The third one is comfort .
I want to introduce her asap !
And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
Just think about it and give me a call .
Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
Rosa .
Wrestling is both an interesting and an entertaining sport .
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camps which was advertised in the USA newspaper last week .
I usually go two days a week but next month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition .
It 's such a peaceful time .
She had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
First , there are many kinds of train .
Indeed , all the indicators show that human behavior will not change , at least in the coming decades .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and it is for that that I think it is the most important invention .
To : The organiser
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
I was responsible for fulfilling all the needs of these famous guests .
And so , she had looked around to find a way .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
The last thriller I watched was " True Detective " by HBO .
Take care
Let us walk .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
They really held my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not to mention the astonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places , such as Brighton and Liverpool , where I attended some short summer courses .
It is true that the scale of current weddings is larger and more luxurious than in the past .
The falling leaves could block a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
They enjoy both local bands ' output and some foreign songs .
She had always been level - headed and tried to come up with a plan .
From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watch TV , take care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
We have been friends since we started to talk , but our friendship has changed over time .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - esteem .
Yours Sincerely ,
Lorena .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship with the horse you ride .
If any problems arise , i I go to my parents and tell them the problem , and they solve the problem .
But I managed to survive the night .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
And , as a drawback of being a celebrity , they are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
Everyone wears what he wants .
Food passion !
Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .
So a lot of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better conditions .
While watching the film , I imagined if I was the fiancee of Adam .
It was a very good and useful experience .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , which we could not find ,
Travelling by public transport would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
I would love to work with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
From when I was born to when I was 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I live in a small apartment .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work out that much to be healthy .
I always go to the gym . I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
It was unsuccessful , and the politicians had to reverse their decision .
There is no doubt that the Southerners in Vietnam have had prejudices against Northerners for a long time .
While we might talk about our jobs a bit too much , I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
This is partly due to the fact I have picked up a few words which enable me to interact more easily with its citizens .
I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise for my father for his 50th birthday .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
My name is Michael Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
But we do n't know if this change will be good or bad . I hope it will be good , but let 's talk about it .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
The purpose of this report is to comment on the way people , and especially children , learn languages in my country , what foreign languages they learn and where they learn them and to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
However , it might be that you have to wait a while for your food to be served , but it 's worth it .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , including further study without a chance of work or anything else .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
Skype : MTS Joanna Little
Different levels of technical support can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despite their attempts , no child ever came .
Best regards ,
My opinion of self - employment
They start learning English or German at the age of eight .
But it made my legs sore every night .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
It is crucial to provide students with printed materials in the target language .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until Laura came to town .
We should respect other people 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
All of the above have been making good progress in developing the P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for development in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sports .
While the water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have a birthday today and there are a few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in pink paper ?
Italian eat also a lot of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the season .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop young people 's social and intellectual skills .
Because it 's just the way Tom is - stubborn and righteous .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .
But I doubt I can read his face like you do . "
They can see 2 brown bears there and lots of souvenir shops too .
In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has her own life and the choice to decide what she wants .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with international arbitration .
Autumn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though they are a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
First , running is cheap .
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
I think it 'll be very useful for your next trip to Paris .
Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking in order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
Is it interesting ?
Maybe colorful and cool blankets in case someone gets
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
I would like to start working in your cafe , because I am very interested in cooking and everything connected with it .
You will thus broaden your way of thinking and in the end as you learn you will enhance your intelligence .
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most significant reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although not so easily .
For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polluting .
Yours faithfully ,
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
I must say that public transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
He heard a bit of noise at the top of the stairs but he did n't go to investigate that noise .
It just winds me up .
I am writing to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
All they could hear was them kissing . '
I write down new French vocabulary or grammar in my notebook .
Especially when it comes to going shopping .
The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
Right now we have a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
Genes could be changed before a baby is born . Thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
However , there was no way he could remember what it was .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
My family are my best friends .
It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam Riley as Diaval .
Although the heat in the kitchen can burn us , the smile on the customers ' faces gives us the best courage .
I 'm writing to you because I want to tell you about my experience .
My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
It was n't my dream job , but it really payed off .
At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious to create a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
Their girl had grown up !
In addition to this , it pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
I asked for my right - hand employee David to come earlier due to your arrival .
" No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all " .
However , how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
I started chatting with the chef , who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
The Wawel Royal Castle is must - see place , while visiting Poland .
Without any doubt , a good friend is a treasure .
The History .
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular .
Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
Allison was the girl who kept the group together : all of the girls liked her and she was always the centre of attention .
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Regret had been filling up his soul since last Friday .
The price for the disco is very reasonable because it offers the venue , entertainment and food for $ 25 .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
That will cause global warming .
When I opened , I was handcuffed straight away and I pretended to be surprised .
I think that I would enjoy this job working with children and trainee staff .
My latest dream is to ride on the EuroVelo roads network .
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids . I was a teacher once at a summer school .
We prepared for it for a long time , but I had a wonderful experience .
In addition to that , I graduated in Computer Science and there is a lot of information available in this language .
She did not appear at the club , and she did not come to the hotel on the following days .
Sitting on the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
You can choose between different types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many others .
Now that I 'm on holidays , I watch more TV , especially some series like Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
Marenka
A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
It has 150 stores and about 40 fast - food restaurants .
Different is beautiful !
I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
Also , if you get enough , you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
Four days later , he suddenly passed away , and the day became our last memory together .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
- feel a lot of pressure on their body and can not move in the dream .
It was a sunny day . Like every day , Sara woke up and had breakfast with her children , then she went to her job .
Tom loves asking himself questions about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can answer his questions .
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly in their private vehicles .
I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
Furthermore , people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building houses , which accour for some debate .
Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
These tend to attract our attention and waste our money in a way that can be avoided , in this case by using public transport .
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
Dreaming about the future is like creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself and others .
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
The bus will not drop off the passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop them off at the bus stop .
Another reason is that I have gained experience of taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
The door of the room was closed .
The can play an important role in it .
Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You are used to sitting in front of a computer , but the best choice is to get up and go to the hockey club .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who has never played any sport before .
I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .
Driving a car is also more tiring . A driver must concentrate all the time .
My work was to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness had to be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
The first item in my collection was an ABC book .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets will be disposed of .
Not only me but also every Indian always follows Sachin for cricket .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
This time the study showed that all of the participants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
This is certainly true and corresponds with my experience .
To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
This is based on equity theory .
At first , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and meet new people .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
It is really difficult to even think of .
As a consequence , I am prepared to work long hours .
some people who ca n't live without it .
But I identify with his view of male and female relationships .
I was feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump into the water .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and give them knowledge about finances and the right way to handle them .
Her eyes gazed at his lips .
Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or gardens , it subsidises their green improvements .
It is more environmentally friendly because it has the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .
People in economically developed areas are in pursuit of the perfect life and the people in undeveloped areas are starving .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
Parents undoubtedly play an important role in our life .
Besides being in charge of organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he had also been put in charge of the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time limitations .
I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I get it .
The government should focus on the improvement of public transport and must discourage individual cars .
It 's good to know that you 'll be in the shop next Saturday while I 'm away in Lugo .
Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with highly technical software .
Moreover , people have become more aware of environmental protection .
Perhaps I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
Today , friendships are take take take and very few stand the test of time .
Technology has reached a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
He likes playing with his mobile phone , playing basketball and reading books .
I fully believe that this combined method is the most effective way for students to learn English .
And government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
My favourite sport is badminton because I used to play it when I was a child and I loved it .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
I think that horse races are a fun entertainment if you like one of these three things : animals , betting and fashion .
It 's a website which allows me to taste food from around the world without moving from my city , at the same time as you can speak different languages and meet new people .
My level of English is very good . Today I 'm studying and working hard to improve .
In the past , I did some exercise .
I ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call now .
You are offered the standard big brands like M&S , Next , Waterstones and others , but you can also find little independent shops selling all types of goods .
While I was ringing the bell , the neighbour 's dog started to bark .
He has been AC / DC 's mind .
The little girls thanked me , then I went to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
Machachi is a nice town .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
Finally , in my opinion , computers are very useful to all of us .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to board a plane and come back here .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel in my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
You start your studies later compared with your friends .
Now , " Golem " are holding him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
They can be conserved for a long time and shipping costs are very low .
Hello , my name is Sophie Nielsen . I was born in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
And there is no exception this year .
If I were you I would order the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
He loves music so much that he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
I have a big family which consists of three sisters and one brother .
Best wishes , Julia
It is situated in Merida .
For years of wars and difficult situations , history was creating people 's beliefs and convictions .
As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
Hello Lara .
I have experience of children 's Summer camps and I recently attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
Silence .
Therefore , The aforementioned information above shows that our future could be worse than our present .
You can also choose where you would like to go .
If people live the same way as now , in the future , people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
She read it at least twenty times , then threw it away and prepared her soul for their father 's arrival .
In this step , skilled machinists are required .
When you start training in course you need to think about where you turn .
Secondly , art , like advertising , is such a large part of our everyday lives .
Public transport is even good for our environment compared to cars .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
In the Brönte sisters ' works , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Emily 's only novel " Wuthering Heights"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian dutiful woman .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
After a few days of staying awake and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
It 's great that your college friends want to visit South Bohemia .
We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
Secondly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
Buy good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
It is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not to step in one .
I think I will go back next year .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications but many are successful .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
When the American series ' House ' was first broadcast on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
You can choose what you want to watch .
Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity . He thought , " finally I understand it " .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
In the end , all went fatastically .
He changed my attitude toward dogs . Casino taught me through his patience and passions .
It allows you to see much more at your own pace .
Every morning I go to the port and unload ships .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
I really do n't know .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But , that future is very far from our current situation .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
I 'm writing you a letter because I have made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what the film is about and what the experience was like .
Generally , sports are growing our minds continuously .
There is a bedside table between two beds . On this there are the alarm clock and the books that we are reading .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
He said that girl that he was drawing was the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
Public transport provides all the information about routes they follow and give an idea to passengers about the place .
My classes will be from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
So , what 's the typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
I remember all of you and miss my family .
The diagrams illustrate the process of making bank notes .
Thank goodness we live in the internet age and I can do shopping without leaving my bed .
We need more caring people !
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
Genetic engineering is the process of manipulating the genes of an organism .
Cricket is a sport that has two teams of eleven players each ..
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Divergent approaches are used on a routine basis for the development of latent fingerprints .
As I am studying physical education , I have a lot of experience of looking after children .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence costs , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
In addition to this , I have broad experience in this field since I worked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
When you first meet the interviewer , shake his or her hand firmly .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales of ice - cream in different places : in an ice - cream van and an indoor swimming pool from Jan to Dec .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
This makes people more likely to want to look after animals and protect their natural habitats .
Not concerned with the harsh environment but her own appetite , she demanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
The most common answer would probably be the plane .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
I would like people to take public transport for travelling , so we will be able to rescue the countryside .
Passion is something that makes you happy in your life .
Especially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the perfect way to spend your day .
Tsz Yin very much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school provides .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
Also , personal space is governed by rules that vary depending on the country , and in Brazil are considered small , but everyone there appreciates this cultural value .
I ca n't wait to go back and try all of their dessert flavors !
You need to understand this . I 'll pay child support and help you with the kid , but I can not lose Susan " .
International suppliers take at least a week to deliver an order .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
It means " very scared and nervous " , because the temple is very tall and it gives people such a feeling .
How is it ?
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , and all the types of fried ? .
In addition , we will adjust the company 's management structure in each department depending on the market 's reaction and the environment .
People humiliate me in many ways because I do n't earn any money .
So he decides to go home .
Besides , some genetically modified crops grow more quickly .
One of the most disappointing things is that you played down the situation we are living in and the needs people have .
The article " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Architecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparalleled one in terms of the discussion it provokes .
Max and his family had been on their holidays for two weeks now . This year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
Also , I have done a climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
While sleeping I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would be the lead woman .
Yuki
This essay has discussed three alleviation strategies with the potential to resolve the problem of water scarcity , including the use of recycled water and ocean water and international aid .
All the time , we are learning more for our various goals .
So far I have never been disappointed .
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about their clothing .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
Peter had been thinking about this secret party for months , since the time he knew his mother was healed .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
Also , I 'm used to working long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I have worked in many restaurants .
I encourage everyone to try it . I am sure you will become a better person .
There were five of us .
It is all very religious .
However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
I am used to children . I have two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old and I take care of them all the time .
I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find somewhere for you to work .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
I think that the allure of this activity is that you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experience .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
However , he has never thought of this as a problem .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
I suggest you do sports because it makes us healthy .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep our streets clean .
I looked up as she opened the envelope .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand out study guides to the students .
She would get dressed up as an old woman .
Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other places , while the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
It 's the best day of my life " .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worse , it depends on you to choose the best thing that can help you .
Yours faithfully ,
First of all - the air .
Once again Dream said to get ready . I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
Last year I was in Canada and two years ago I fulfilled the same role in England .
Mia survived but she is in a coma and she has to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Furthermore , your abuse of the cat has violated not only ethics but also the law .
To sum things up , the government should not control the internet more tightly .
So public transport is improved continuously .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .
I am used to working with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change buses .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties , which I find awful .
As a result , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used in our daily life .
Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
For me it was the perfect combination .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
Sprinted towards what seemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing across it , blood pouring from his right hand .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center of the city , so that is it easily accessible .
In the past , people bought things , and they did n't care how dangerous they were for the planet .
Family members are the most important and best friends in our lives .
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's party six years ago , when we were 25 .
This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage , family values , friendship and love .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping , you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
There 's a bank in each plaza .
Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .
My dear John ,
As you asked I am going to give information on how my village looks after the environment .
I am going to talk about my country .
Cheers ,
public transport will hardly be replaced by travelling by car .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
Love ,
So you will provide a worse service for more money from next month .
Curious ?
My name is Marcos , and I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
Of course , there are also negative observations about this film . For example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story . They are n't interesting and they last too long .
For these reasons , there will be a future for public transport , always .
I would not say that there is no future for public transport .
A friendship that ends never started
Negative impacts , such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of the environment , can be cited .
Sometimes , I feel so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
Groban sings the well - known from the film ' Once " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way , but listeners used to the first version might be disappointed .
More words can be added to the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
People were very worried about her .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
Just be patient .
She began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
Then we got on a red bus and went to our hotel .
I think that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
Not only was the venue inconvenient , but it was also dirty .
Finally , I have an interest in technology , the environment and science .
What should he do ?
I kept my body very close to the icy ground in order to reduce the impact of the bone - chiseling wind .
But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
How does the area take care of the environment ?
I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe in ourselves .
I do n't know is n't an answer .
It is amazing !
Yours faithfully ,
Many people think that public transport is only for the poor and not for the rich .
But in modern countries , the environmental effects of one 's behavior are becoming important and concerning .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars , who are assessed all the time by society .
Supper always comprises sandwiches .
I have worked as a teacher for ten years .
There are widely different views on the future of public transport .
Also , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
In football , my favourite position is goalkeeper .
Ágora Manager
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I love their batting .
She 's an Indian teenage girl and fights for education all over the world .
In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .
The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lot of money .
Anyhow . I finally connected with some people .
His mom was disappointed about that , too .
It was exhausting ! !
So we must use a private vehicle .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's composition .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was an error message both times .
In general , the city looks clean .
You may get hurt physically and mentally by sexual harassment .
I would like to invite you to apply for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends working in my cafe .
Work , for most of us , will be the defining aspect of life and , thus , of our identity .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
I 'm a cheerful , diligent and organized person .
When I tried kitesurfing by myself for the first time , I was a little bit scared . "
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
Because I can cycle and swim almost anytime , I might say in every season .
The more cars on the road , the more greenhouse gases are produced .
At home , I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic waste .
I would not say so .
You should consider my advice .
For one , a show broadcast on television may enlighten us and give us some enlightenment .
If only I had looked a bit more carefully where I placed my feet ...
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster causes for the family that was left behind .
In the modern growing world , the basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations of quality of life have taken on new dimensions .
Mackinley asks for the arbitration of Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain asks North Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the school gym .
How about going out with me and my friends ?
Her lips curled in disgust .
They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deformity in his face .
My family members all the time express their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beautiful words .
I have just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to take care of the environment .
The first one is individual sports and in this kind you practise your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
solution " and blended learning is the future .
Travelling by car is also very detrimental to the environment .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of getting around , such as cycling or walking .
If you do n't want to experience this situation , you must always do things on time .
A quick trip to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasant when you have small children .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that respect .
2- I think in the future transport and roads will be more organized , more than these days .
no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more important .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close to their families as they used to be and mostly they are further apart from their parents .
I am going to study the topic from both sides and give my opinion on the matter .
The event was very successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
Yours sincerely ,
Half an hour after I arrived home ,
Michael , who is a policeman , decides to help her .
Yours faithfully
Actually , it produces a large amount of pollution such as ash and exhaust gas that contains micro- and nano - particle .
People board these buses out of compulsion , as they have to reach their office on time .
He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human beings are a part of this ecosystem .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
give those people a good international festival .
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
The end of the evaluation is that every pupil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from this course ?
It 's extremely exciting !
Meanwhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals which can not easily find other habitats to live in .
On the other hand , famous politicians and film stars have chosen such a life .
These problems are imperialism and poverty .
Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste do n't pay attention to the environmental problems of their city .
No one could have anticipated what happened next .
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these option .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
In daily life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
And if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections from the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
Every time I felt bad about my English , he supported me like no one else .
How can you celebrate new year in your country ?
As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
way to get around .
This job would be boring if every day was nice .
Military service is when people are forced by the government to be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements , as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
Live you only have one life , today . Perhaps tomorrow you will lose everything .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing issue due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Every debate has a hot spot .
Third , swim can help you make more friend .
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
She was his neighbour and they had loved each other from when they were young .
Consider , as well , how many days you have for vacations .
Anyway , I hope I will get the job , and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Alejandro
- What about coffee ?
A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a full bag was put into her stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
For example , in India and China the technological advances have enabled them to mass produce really affordable cars , which are also imported .
As a matter of fact , Budapest , the capital city of Hungary , could be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
The subway reaches most parts of London , and people can travel to many places .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
In fact , this is the main reason why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an abortion .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
Technology will control our homes .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzle and go to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
Miss Barbara Gum
Back to the full potential
When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem , is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
Another thriller that is really good is The Cabin in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , and scary .
After printing well , these sheets are closely manually inspected .
I play online with people from all over the world .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 has been reduced .
You can go walking alone and without shoes if you please .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
But on the other hand there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve the application of robotics .
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
Hi Paty .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
I understand what you mean , because cars are so convenient , as you said .
Mass production has made cars more affordable for the middle class in recent years .
Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , for example classical music .
Second , playing badminton can activate your whole body , like hands , arms , feet .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
I am 30 years old .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
It sleeps eighteen hours per day .
I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
Hi Paul ,
They used a lot of language that they would be able to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
GOOD POINTS
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people are happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they will return next year .
Hi Luke ,
Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude . I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electricity company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I followed them in a taxi .
She is dark haired , very thin and small .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
I come from Hallstadt , in the close vicinity of Bamberg .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
From Red Square , you can easily see the Moscow Kremlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Department Store .
That was it .
That is what I call a good activity .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
I am looking forward to hearing from you about how you spent your summer .
There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
They are always happy to describe the different dishes and recommend well .
If there were only cars in a city , the city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom when travelling and increases your sense of independence .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
My stepmother 's mom is also like my grandma .
I value this friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a balanced , one - of - a - kind relationship .
People think that public transport is only the buses , but public transport is the buses , the taxis , trains and subway .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
If people travelled more often on public transport , we would n't pollute so much .
Jack fainted while their friends were rescuing him .
Of course , I took this opportunity and two weeks later I had to do an audition .
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
On the one hand , there are a large number of teenagers who have no idea about their future .
It is bound to be at the top of my list . '
Personally , I watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
Therefore , the animals will not survive in this climate .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
Some people think young people spend enough time on helping their communities . However , others disagree with the idea .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting , so I asked the chef for recommendations .
not believe in yourself .
But I hope one day to go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player , who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find in the next 50 years .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today the Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be decided .
Let me introduce myself . I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company called Acciona .
I love my grandpa and grandma a lot .
Yours faithfully ,
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically , the correct use of the water in our houses .
Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where to .
To come to my home , firstly you must take the National Express coach .
You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .
The most historical place in Spain is the city of Cáceres .
Antonio
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
I was so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think that when I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
Probably not , but there are many people in show business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
I do n't really have an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait and find out .
She 's not bad .
The first good thing is that they have a low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug from me .
Switzerland is really a great place for travelling . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , one in summer and the other one in winter .
He took a look at it and saw a message from his wife .
Some of these are striking secluded places , such as churches or Moorish - styled houses .
But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use public transport .
In the world , a very famous sports festival is the Olympics .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : will we be able to take care of youngsters and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
Hope that this information is useful
Have you worked for international companies ?
I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
The coup , due to lack of organization and support from the military forces , failed three days later .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
It takes place in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
After eating a delicious salad and drinking tea , she went to her room to do her hair and put her make - up on .
So I think the future of public transportation is gloomy .
One of the bosses in charge of such things .
He took the keys from his pocket and approached carefully , holding his breath .
However , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It brings unity between countries .
This town is a very strict town .
I have many favorite sports .
We have no facilities like other countries .
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
to teach children and adults in my country good English , and I want to avoid traditional education .
Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Domestic animals are very sensitive creatures that we have to treat as our babies .
From : Teodora Costescu , Romanian student
That 's my dream " when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my dream .
Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with joy .
I 've been playing tennis for 5 years now and I can assure you it 's one of the best sports any person can do !
There are beautiful cities to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
I 'm just glad I get to enjoy every single one .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
My favourite subjects at school are mathematics , geography , and , of course , English .
I have one sister who is ten years old and one brother who is five years old .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
My dear Paul ,
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods which could attract many tourists .
Besides , we had to see if the band had everything that they needed : something to eat and to drink . I was responsible for that .
The government should raise taxes to pay for the service .
So we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place .
Moreover , I attend speaking clubs , where native speakers lead the group .
But are driverless cars as safe as old - fashioned cars ?
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
My personal opinion is that cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so it will be a pleasure for me to get this job .
This is simple , because not everyone has a private vehicle .
But , hopefully , not everyone was like that .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am available to start work next week .
although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
The press underlined that many Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War and were harshly reminded that this was still the nuclear age .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get the right equipment , find a friendly team , and enjoy the game .
I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with an old Bejar dancer .
All these situations may impede us staying in touch with old friends , but , on the other hand , can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
So , I wonder if I could apply to one of your courses ?
They sell the strips for 20 Euros more per piece than last season .
It is of great importance to inspect the printed sheets .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , but it still offers us many other useful sources .
3- sizdehbedar
In addition , every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
By the time the event was due to take place , I had to take over the band 's equipment .
Have you ever spent the holidays combining fun and knowledge ?
What is your favourite food ?
Best regards ,
Last but not least , the strict rules and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
On the other hand , the surroundings are modern , the place is airy and cosy .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use it and , more than anything else , it is convenient .
I always work with a lot of children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
I wish a lot of people around the world could see the importance of the environment .
However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
Because everybody has to leave for another place in their own car and carbon dioxide is released from cars .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
Nemo 's father knew a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him . They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's house .
An example of one is MacDonalds , where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
However , one friend disappears , then the four friends decide to discover where he is .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
I could n't believe my eyes !
Laura ?
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
That day was a terrible day for Michael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .
One of the most common examples is Beethoven , known for composing high - quality piano pieces as a young child .
-Danish and European historical documents and previous research about the Euro ;
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
The native speakers seek each other out ; the British get together with the Americans , and the French , well … they are on their own .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly the system works , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
Many thanks for your message .
Sorry for my late reply .
In addition , you do n't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes , which makes it possible to achieve high speeds .
Dear Sir or Madam
Moreover , they often smoke and drink alcohol , which causes serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
Petra
As I said earlier , I graduated from High School , which was a huge relief .
He said that he wanted to be best friends as before .
Trivago ' .
As you do not have to wait for set timetables and follow fixed routes .
How often do you open your fridge ?
We all go through hardships and failures .
I will be waiting for your reply .
He had distanced himself from them .
It had been a long and rainy day . Tom had been working all day and was very tired and hungry .
How are you ?
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
and I feel that only an overseas English university can offer that .
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instead to what she was saying ...
There was no time left to be bored !
For sure , her friends were preparing a big surprise .
He started to bite his nails , restless .
It 's known that over the years the system has improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Sorry again for all those circumstances !
Using public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet , and that is a very important task for all of us .
This is not just a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinary life , in everyday life .
There is a new and stunning generation of basketball players .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who in their school days .
Do n't you think so ?
But that 's not my goal in doing a sport .
However , today , it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
At the same time , we will also pay more attention to the people whom we love .
I decided to solve the case .
When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
After a few drinks , I told him that I 'm currently looking for a job , nothing big , just a couple of hours during weekends to make some money for my journey to the Netherlands .
Given is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bank notes .
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
In Brazilian culture , if , during a conversation , a person speaks too low , the listener will assume that the speaker does not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about what you are saying .
Otherwise , when people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
- What kind of information ?
Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature .
that people take for granted and regard as perfectly normal .
He went to the garage and got on on his motorbike .
his bride before the wedding day .
Anna
An example of that is the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song by Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Do you want to know how much fun it is now ?
Therefore , I have always wanted to be offered the chance to take an English and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfill my dream and to accomplish my life goal .
It was an exciting encounter , and they were both very happy to see each other again .
Aureli Bonilla
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young people and elderly people who want to improve their mobility .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonable price .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " in Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
I keep practicing with them , running around West Lake every Saturday .
Groban : All that echoes
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
So , let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to stop in each town , so using your own car saves time .
If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of where you want to go and who with .
I enjoy every moment and people love to be with me .
Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life , since we spend so much time in the workplace .
It was built in two different parts .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
For these reasons , I strongly believe I am able to take on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
As a teacher , it took me everything I have to come to terms with every pitiful fate of my students .
We have a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Information about the basic theory and technique of tennis can be gathered from the internet / books .
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I did .
But that 's only my personal opinion .
I also like riding horses , which is one of the things I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
Love ,
By car , you can go wherever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
When I hear this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
Yes , it 's football !
He stepped into the room .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
Also , the seats of this transport are cleaner and the bus driver says the name of each stop .
Julio Camarillo
There were not any company cars , but now most people have cars .
After undergoing this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
They come across some problems while they are shooting the film and this supplies quite a few strong highlights .
I have done an internship at the reception in one of the best VIP designer hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
She sat down in the freezing cold night shivering nervously as she watched the mud from the ground stain her obsidian black leggings .
I love it here in Spain .
I hope this information will be useful to you .
Sport is very important for the health .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
Dear Paul
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread in the world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Or the student can simply spend this time travelling .
All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
There were so many trendy clothes at attractive prices .
Joe Wright directs this uplifting adaptation , which depicts the five Bennet sisters , who have been brought up to get married .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system and improve our level of comfort .
LOZAH is four months old .
No one can deny how very important sport is to our health .
It refreshes me .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and tell stories , because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
He told me he was going to interview me . I had tried to get rid of the body .
More efficient production means cheaper goods , and by providing them more cheaply the consumer now has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he needed .
Since cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our planet , we should start using public transport more often .
Pros
This is the kind of dream vacation I want so badly .
Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
We were very happy because of seeing the turtle and hope to go back to Bali to see it again .
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
To begin with , the Li Ren edition of The Dream of the Red Chamber has 120 units .
I found this movie both exciting and emotional . Both thumbs up for me !
This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
I think we live very fast , always running . We do n't enjoy our lives .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Thank you goodbye .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
I agree with this point .
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
These were my first feelings when I made the mistake .
Compared with professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilities .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love opera .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts it is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , so I love it !
It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastics .
Also , I remember my first competitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I was n't sad because I thought that the next time I would do my best and probably I would win .
As a result of these actions , it is an uncertain way to go for the clubs .
However , they should be aware of the high cost of living in my town .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is about the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and found a better solution .
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
Bob
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
Last is the key step ; inspection .
We have a small garden .
There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it was not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
We set our clocks forward one hour in March .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do it very well and I could amuse the children .
You are listening to your favourite music .
Pintores Street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they were going to reproduce many of them .
Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
Ways to address the issues
People do not need to save large amounts of money to buy a car .
I think that everybody deserves privacy , including famous people .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
Nowadays , every child can get more and more resources from their parents because of less competition with other children .
I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
This sport consists of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
Samuel Mo
Of course , if you have any suggestions please tell me .
It is said to happen once in a lifetime .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I 'd like to give you some advice about how to start playing this sport .
Maybe there will also be great new discoveries in medicine that will make all kinds of disease disappear .
If you are looking for additional work experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
And try to be a part of the team . Then it 's more fun .
An apprenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard company and a Bachelor of Life Sciences with specialization in analytical chemistry make me a highly suitable candidate for the position .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar - sweetened drinks .
Actually , there are two kinds of sports .
And then ...
Once upon a time , there was a boy whose name was Michael .
Measures being taken
This is a sport done by young people only .
I prefer other kinds of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good films at the cinema .
Humans will most likely continue to improve this technology and make their lives better for the future .
The social debate between progress and traditions has been going on for centuries .
Surprisingly enough , sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
You just need to practise .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
The difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
However , football is very competitive .
Obviously , you are late for work , even if you have an appointment to have an interview for a job .
As a writer - to - be , I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters who are recognizable all around the globe .
I know a good restaurant . Its name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbas elakad St.
Other problems cited included pretty low uptime of the website , connection issues and login problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
After so much time at school , some people think they need a break .
Potential issues such as rule violations and conflicts may arise because foreigners may not understand the rules .
I am an experienced cook , so I can also cook for the children . I am also a good singer , so we can sing songs together with the children .
We can change our beliefs , actions and thus our identity through experimentation , practice and conscious self - discipline .
The drawback is the danger .
Basketball is recognized by people all over the world .
If I have the means , I will go there and take all of you .
In our badminton club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me . However , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport , but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it would be too hard for me to do it right .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
He would only drag himself out of his house when he heard a new type of food had been created .
All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
In the case of the ice - cream van , it sold most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
Young people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
If these reasons why you should take part in the event haven't whetted your appetite , you might try searching for some information about the event last year .
As family and friends do not accompany them , students must do a lot , from basic living to future studies .
The staff were really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind all the time .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , because it 's very good for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
It was built in the twelfth century .
First of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
Like what was once , I have no doubt that this world of wonders will remain important in the coming years .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed by burning .
A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
When talking about famous people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
Transport pollution is one of the most dangerous .
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting places in our town .
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
We will have people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we also have other people that use television for research .
On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must do a really good tour of my country .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
I am studying Nutrition at the University . That is why I am living in Tijuana .
I like to speak with my teammates .
They prefer to go to work by car rather than by bus .
I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
Because of this tremendous outcome , I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
In my opinion , each person , whether celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
Thank you for writing . I was worried about you .
In this game you must play with a team .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports , but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
The summer that year had been exceptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there were better ways to spend it than preparing for his University entrance test .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said , playing the lottery is not economically irrational and uninformed .
I have received your letter .
With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the director focused on every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's OK , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I have taken swimming lessons for 3 years .
Furthermore , I wanted to reduce my weight as well .
What is meant by a restricted sense , is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
An educational or public relations campaign must be launched to sensitize those who might have disregarded this possibility before .
The urbanization implemented by governments across the decades in the cities is sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on campus or in public places .
From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
Michael understood that he must take away .
We felt happy because we had not seen each other for a long time .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
I do a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all about them .
And also , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
Swimming will be a good exercise for people who are not able to jog or even walk .
Unfortunately , the music was a bit too loud for my taste .
Nowadays , with technology , we have different ways to get around , like hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it means there is no future for public transport .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
This could be good , although some people say we do n't need all this time and we have to work more .
I was asked last week to write a report about the best places for young people in my area .
I have two parents , like most people .
Music is nutrition for our souls " it says in the popular proverb .
Kate was really angry and she ordered him to leave her room immediately .
An almond is called LOZ in Arabic .
We can not rob Peter to pay Paul .
Basketball is my second favourite sport .
I was adopted from South Korea .
We will find new sources of energy which will be clean and cheap .
Moreover , they try to be interesting to all ages , so they post on Facebook and Twitter as well , which draws the attention of the younger generation to the programme .
The favorite sport of many people is football , whereas my favorite is basketball .
They lived in a small town in Massachusetts .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
All of the bars I worked in hosted a night club after 10 PM , therefore you do not need to worry about extra tiredness caused by late - hour working .
In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you should go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
It 's a price of being famous .
I think I 'm suitable for any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out any work you choose to give me .
But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problems , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic needs .
She immediately noticed that the glass was broken , probably shattered in pieces by those boys who invited her to play with them at the mansion .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Finally , they copied my article for this competition .
I bought one sweater and two pairs of jeans .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be possible to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
Welcome to this town .
I am very excited about seeing Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell 's characters come together .
It 's important to know what is happening in the world , because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
Every day , science and industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
What I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet the artists .
On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something for a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
Gala has paved the way for me to become that teacher I long to see .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
To be successful , advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
Dear Ms. Herrmann
His wife walked behind him until they reached home but his mother claimed that his wife said cruel words to her and pretended that she was crying .
There are celebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase them .
" Are you kidding me ? You have never worked in your life .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friends and have dinner with them .
We met to study frequently .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
Shops in the town
Elderly people are n't able to drive and always depend on public transport .
Oh no , not again ... That stupid girl was completely in love with me , since last year she thinks that I like her , but she 's wrong .
Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy for you to decide which is the option that suits you best .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
They sold clocks , but at a certain time their factory was closed .
How are things ? I got your message last week .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very uncomfortable .
He took an action which many other people could not .
I grew up in Machachi .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Public transportation is proved to require less energy consumption .
I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
I like slalom because it goes fast and I like snow .
Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
That 's why when I go to the village I like to use the Singair Road rather than the DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
Yours Anna .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks .
Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .
Thank you for your time and consideration of my resume and I look forward to speaking with you .
I am particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
Also , the medical cases are intriguing and , although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
However , when we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
That is why most of us prefer to travel in our own car rather than by public transport ; not only because it keeps us within our own private sphere , it also keeps us dry when travelling on a rainy day .
For example , in some areas , people have to wear a mask while doing outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
Bianca
These include the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
Thank you so much for your attention ,
A cat ?
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
I love the World Cup , but I certainly would have preferred it if it had been in another country .
For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on the big screen every week .
Hi to everyone ,
I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
Well … .
Suddenly , the streets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crime .
How are things with you ?
I am very happy to see you all once again .
I have gained a lot from these experiences .
Here are 2 reasons .
First , she noticed only a big tranparent with the title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong on this moment .
Cars are here to stay .
It is believed there are ways to make TV able to help educate .
They said that it was alright if he was interested in other projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information for inspection .
Not exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
However , at the last moment , you understand that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
He likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
On the other hand , the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
To whom it may concern .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacation week .
Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tiring , so they go out to eat .
She goes after Walter Cunningham after she gets in trouble on his behalf .
That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
My family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and two brothers .
Spending too much time on the internet also has harmful effects on our family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend time with those who love us .
Peter got so scared that he ran away .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been held in different districts to spread the message of environmental conservation across the community .
It is an amazing city , it is really fun .
Then we got on a bus to go to the house which we had rented .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the standard of living .
It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
I try to recall the jokes I 've read in books or on Facebook or blogs and tell him .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
Hi Jo !
In my opinion , any transport is completely safe . However , people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that are joined together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kinds of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
She is regretful because their relationship got worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrills , money - making or good fighting evil .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parts is crucial .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I like to do a little of everything and I do n't refuse anything .
Yours faithfully
Then the turtle started swimming and disappeared from our sight .
With the rising prices for public transport in London , commuters are choosing to use their cars more and more .
The conceptual framework will conclude the literature review and open up the subjects which this thesis will explore .
See you soon ! !
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a court .
I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen the open window .
Eleonora Palerma
As the parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of its development .
Take care
Hi , Shannon :
Love , Ines .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
Therefore , context , including the participants , their social purpose , their means and channel of communication , plays a role in language choice and identity construction .
When I remember that moment , I am excited .
It is well known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear , or even the tattoos they have .
My name is Monika and I 'm 21 years old .
First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
We will have a robot servant .
It is also convenient for people who are rushing to work , meetings and so on .
Ever since he was a little boy , people around him had known that this child had a strange character .
Events like these confirm that Canada is no longer immune to attacks on home soil .
In my opinion , it 's useful for playing football .
Introduction
The problem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the police have forbidden him .
Another idea is riding a bicycle and walking .
We regularly organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular event , suddenly more memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
Build public transport in a city , not in the country .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
" This was an incentive for Jack to go out . He was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing , because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
In addition , the car is one of the means most used , not only for its speed , but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
Having a farewell dinner here is worth the money .
On the other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
I had played a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , I felt that was my sport , that was freedom .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news - making process .
Sincerely , I find it very difficult to choose the best film .
All this will help you to improve .
Mark and leave the most difficult ones until the end .
It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser 's home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The action involves you and you ca n't stop reading .
I am looking forward your to reply .
I am a 45-year - old man and I have plenty of experience of working with people .
Parliament House
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car and boat .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Since that moment , I 've had nothing but problems .
Do they deserve their private lives ?
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Dear sir or madam ,
In addition , on placement , the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .
I think that family and friends are the most important people in our lives because if you have some problems they are always there and they try to help you .
However , as with all issues present within society , a dual commitment from the citizens and the authorities should be regarded as a key factor .
The police were going to come at any time .
If you want to enter the hall of honor or enter the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
Nowadays , it is obligatory if you want to get a better job .
So , humans , both women and men , should behave according to these points .
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
In Andalucia , the people are cheerful and welcoming to tourists .
This would cause global warming , causing the disappearance of winter .
This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I could n't stand it .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
There are some kinds of pollution , such as garbage and discarded bottles , but some pollution is invisible , such as noise and dirty air .
Lately I ca n't get enough sleep because of that .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less and turn to using more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
Best wishes .
The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
I 'm 29 , and I have a 9-year - old daughter .
I played basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
Besides having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate , leading to warmer days in the whole world .
If we had stayed more time , we would have been able to spend more time at the shop , but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some merchandise from the shop .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place on the pitch , but in its surroundings !
However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
The two competition lifts in order are the snatch and the clean and jerk .
Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which covers 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality traits and extrinsic factors .
She read a note from her boyfriend , Tom .
People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
My home town , an international city , attracts millions of tourists from all over the world every year .
We need shopping .
Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute in , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
Nowadays , they are living a happy life and every day Alison has to make him remember their life .
The man , who was crying together with him , was his father who had left Peter and his mom because they had divorced 6 years ago .
Over the past few decades , human activities have changed the global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
This wave is the microwave .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
The original work was written by the mathematician , logician and British writer Lewis Carroll .
The most significant part of the
I would like to recommend the following movie : " The Perfume " .
But that 's not all . Since you know two languages , maybe you could find
In the totally dark environment , I experience the feelings of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their lives .
My statement to apply to a university
Sport is like drugs .
Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
Watching TV seems to be top of our list of things to do after a long hard day 's work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
Generally speaking , our school is well equipped .
Rumors spread that easily .
My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
They finished the work when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quickly or they would die .
When you make a long trip , you can travel without pressure .
The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
This model tells us that the culture is determined by actual behavior of individual or groups of employees .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunity to provide quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
The waters of the culinary seas had been calm and consistent for centuries .
All current 27 nations must work both individually and together for the best conditions of immigrants .
The attitude of Colombians to the education system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
The first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping song about emotions such as fear and fight .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
The foetus is left to grow and develop naturally .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watch trains is very interesting for me .
Dear Ali ,
During our last English lesson we talked about the future of public transport .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying it .
In addition , I think public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
Furthermore , information about these facts has become much more available .
After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
Michael showed his strength and his attention to detail , working days and nights with his engineers .
She had a swimming pool , a little garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps . I speak English , so I just want an opportunity to show you .
People try to build big and luxurious houses but they forgot about the main thing .
The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
In the meeting , it was decided that on the following Sunday everyone would plant a tree that would be provided by the municipal board for free .
Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I would never be the same person I am now .
These happenings are not strange .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for the host city and the tourists .
I think you will like it just like me .
In my opinion , the film was very well made : the registers of the film ( there are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : love in every situation .
Franco Calderón
On the contrary , I grew up with many " no " s , and I do not always agree with them in different situations .
Yours sincerely
Reusing things that we do n't utilize any more ( like clothes , furniture … ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
I ate a lot of fruit last year .
Entertainment and food
But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strangers .
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
Her presence was felt .
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
They had all worn masks .
The carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
Some people are convinced that public transport has no future because the car is so much more convenient .
One of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it . It was very beautiful .
There are many people who have experienced a car crash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
What if she was in trouble ?
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums , like " La Casa del oro " or The National Museum .
You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I will try to explain everything .
Lima is among the top ten cities that have the messiest public transport in the world .
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
Dear Thomas
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
Why is it that whenever Ina Garten , Ana Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to stop everything that I 'm doing and just get fixated on the TV ?
Everyone has an opinion on this statement .
It really was over between him and Marianne .
From 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wrote for school during classes , homework , and tests .
we were in cold
We were happy .
The winter kinds of sports are , for example , figure skating , skiing , ice hockey etc .
For example , in Bulgaria , people who lie down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered to be " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
I think everyone should take a year off after leaving school .
Doing such sports , people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
" , he said .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirement when building a shopping mall .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I did .
Learners are normally taught in their mother tongue , and are given grammar rules , which they then apply to the language they are learning .
I looked every day for some summer work and I found an excellent option .
Around 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
I 'm writing to tell you about the experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
But most of them are about to be demolished by town planners .
In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in your own town or city , you use your car more often than when you are visiting another country and seeing the sights .
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start typing .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnows grounded by chance .
Finally , the public transport system is not always safe .
I think this will be a very good experience for you because you can learn about another culture and another people 's way of thinking .
Please note that we maintain a good relationship with our customers and always give good service as well .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
Yours faithfully
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen that I found my niece standing at the side of the table eating ham .
Dear Jo ,
When everybody had taken their photos , Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it started .
After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
In contrast to the girls questioned , who almost never play computer games , the majority of the male students play games for hours in their leisure time .
But are they such a good thing ?
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your latest book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
I have a good working knowledge of the English language and I sat my FCE exam last year .
This is very important for me because when I work for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
The human race began from the jungle , where they lived with the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees , and now the journey of the human race has come to the same scenario , where once again , he is living with the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may collapse either due to an earthquake or to a terrorist attack .
and it can be dangerous too , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
The responsibility of educational institutions should be helping and guiding students to make their own decisions , not making decisions for students .
Finally , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disadvantages as well as the present situation .
Even kids start to learn to drive at fifteen and most parents gift cars on their sixteenth birthday .
Secondly , even if people have cars , they may also take public transport .
I love economics , so I kept studying and I have got a masters and a PHD degree in labor economics .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with friends .
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help with expressing ourselves .
In the distance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
First off , I would take him on a long journey by car .
I can easily give it a five star rating , because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that could happen in real life .
No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss , the latter was quite astonished .
I know that you are like me .
Yours faithfully
I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
María del Mar
The atmosphere is also very good . It has live music with different bands .
The organisation has reached its current position because of people like you .
In addition , my knowledge acquired by managing a bar and a certificate in hygienic food handling will guarantee a clean environment in your bar .
All in all , travelling on the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safe .
There we visited the central park and we stayed in a very luxurious hotel .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
Buses are simpler - you just buy a ticket .
From : Joonas Åberg
As I said before , the main objective is finding a job there , gaining some experience and improving our English level .
However , it seems that each day a new way of extracting fuels is being explored .
My favorite activity is football . It 's great fun to play it with all my friends . I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
If a family member was like that , they could become my best friend .
I am looking forward to hearing from you !
It all began with my older sister Jennifer , as everything used to begin with her .
I manage risky projects and , eventually , I get high revenues .
Referring to the job advertisement published on your homepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply for the position as a Analytical Development Team Member .
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
No future for public transport ?
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thus , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , then what should we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So what should we do ?
However , as I tend to be set in my ways , sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
The metro is the only one that I use in the city .
In fact , today people are interested in drinking wine when attending parties or meeting with friends .
They had to think , and they had to do it quickly because those things , the things that came out at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you are not going to regret it .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That makes the number of cars grow rapidly , but they do not think about the negative side effects that a car has .
The potential risks for our younger generations
For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 years .
During Lent , the protagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly women ) and helps them .
Any form of public transport like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience , especially in a large city such as London .
Her eyes look like the sun .
( This probably would require an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
Japanese people take an interest in used clothes .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
At the same time , the heartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
We really enjoyed it !
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
So we can say that travelling in our own transportation is more convenient .
According to Ferguson et al ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via its reduction to nitrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reduces blood pressure .
Therefore , you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure commitments .
I do n't agree with the statement .
Public transportation is convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient . Finally , we will need public transportation in the future .
Based upon my personal experiences , by taking care of pets , children can not only learn to take responsibility , but can also learn to sympathize with others .
6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
So I could take advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
Many believe that it is innocent and inviting , while others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
Nobody will ever know that we are poor now " .
I 'm really keen to show you all the interesting places around .
The whole picture shows us the process of making bank notes .
Some experience this very easily and often .
The only flaw of the metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
He studied a degree in law at university .
The arrangements are simple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
Factories could have long working hours in order to produce more .
My favorite sports/ hobbies are windsurfing and sailing .
Although who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out my stiff neck .
We had to check if everything was correct : sound , light , special effects .
Kyiv is a good destination for shopaholics .
as you already know , I 'm from a little town , Kętrzyn .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sheets and notes are disposed of .
I hope that you will visit Traku castle while staying in Vilnius .
Public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a better atmosphere . Also , we save money and can meet people .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
I want it to look beautiful , be easy to wash and not expensive at the same time .
Having said that , I also must admit that I know how hardworking you can be .
I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs . I am ready for an adventure !
Around 9 - 10 million people .
Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from morning to night .
At that moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor came into the bedroom .
However , there is a big difference between these three types .
I recommend the music classes more , but it 's your choice .
And you either take that step forward , or turn around and walk away . I could quit .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns in Galicia for many years .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
I have been a very strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
In my opinion , it has to be like brushing our teeth .
In this era , there are many types of public transport used by people . For example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Well , actually it did n't happen .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
I was looking for a job .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
On the one hand , it allows students to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to learn about cultures from the past .
But do not worry , I am not going to spoil the ending .
I usually go running there .
For me , a good person to speak with about everything , especially about my problems .
I was focal to them .
Nowadays , I live in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
In today 's society .
So at least it 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
I am quite good at organising sports events and games .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch rises .
He is a man and I am a woman who live in the world , in which the man wears a short skirt and the woman is as tough as a crocodile .
We would be grateful if any of these problems were solved by the committee .
But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human beings is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
The scope of this report is to give readers an overview of the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
Reyes
Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
There is no word to describe it .
We have started to struggle alone .
Cars actually have many advantages .
He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate , which was perfect for me !
Then you should thank the interviewer for the invitation .
For example , when a popular film star goes to hospital because of his relative 's illness , reporters and photographers in particular should stay away and leave the celebrity alone .
Everything started with some attacks here and there , but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Russian society gradually began to appreciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
When his love he doth espy ,
I truanted and did not pay attention to my studies .
So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
All of them are special in every way .
My name is Lorenza .
Improving human nutrition and agriculatural conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
These complications were primarily caused by pollution in the underground water which was previously unknown .
Lo
You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
Once you close it , it would be great if you could leave the keys at David 's house , which is in the same building .
People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
Today we have cleverer cricketers and more famous umpires than other countries .
Indonesian people are famous for their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
Boris Yeltsin gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
In general , we do n't care about anything ; water , recyclable things , even our air conditioning .
The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
During the concert , we were standing in the backstage area .
I am sure it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the older brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger .
- OK …
I was surprised because all my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' house .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
Most products and materials were recycled and changed into new products .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and to begin writing it .
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit .
" Bingo . We got a code . "
I really like the lasagna , made with a flat and long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes and meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
The rest of them will be disposed of .
It 's a good idea to remove traffic jams .
Once I 've finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
It 's more for exotic trips .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time here in Castelldefels !
He is special .
So , he decided to ignore him completely .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like coordination , flexibility , and physical fitness , just to mention a few .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
First of all , swimming can help your health .
This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
When you use a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
Some countries have a good communications network and people use then mainly because public transport is cheaper than the car and quicker .
We use computers to help us with so many different types of things .
These consequences vary . One example would be that students may get lower grades in their exams , or even fail them .
It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits you .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing for the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quickly as possible .
In the test the answers were accessed and I was found to be a person that has high control appeal , meaning that I have great leadership skills and a need to organize and to moderate .
Through this comparison the author wants to show that the pagan spring festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , but it is not .
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by trams or trolleybuses , which only follow the lines of their routes .
The most exciting day of my life was May 9th last year , when I attended secondary school .
Yes , we are willing to spend more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price for gas than be inconvenienced on public transport .
Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
The second reason is that automatic driving technology needs some more time for development .
Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
Another advantage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
It is really good to play soccer !
Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker than the bus and are cheaper in the long run .
Karate makes me strong and lets me know how to face something I was scared of before .
Now running , Peter soon found himself on the top floor .
That evening , she met with a local guide . She was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be litter bins for each of the mentioned materials in classrooms , corridors and outside .
As a result , I think both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to use each one in the right situation .
People at the restaurant are very kind , they treat you in a very polite way and it is worth going there
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
Finally , I saw a light appear and I woke up .
Doctors said she had become an anorexic .
The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark . Only the dad and one baby egg survived .
Thank you
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
For example , a builder needs physical strength to carry cement and bricks .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can easily find something much happier than shopping .
Steve
I like English very much . I like learning new languages and things .
I am interested in working in educational institutions or in Social Care .
3 .
Have you ever thought about what you can do to help the environment ?
The few houses themselves are set around a very old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for raising sheep and cows .
Re : Report about Active Leisure Club
I am looking forward to discussing this and other eligibility in an interview with you .
Like the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others have simply slowly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
I 'd like to describe some of them .
He always wanted to have his own business . He used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
Everything has to happen fast .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
In the past , she had some difficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she has grown up , she has become a far more disciplined and tidy person .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
When you go by bus , for example , you must wait at a cold bus stop .
After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
After rehabilitation , I continued to feel pain in my foot and I still limped .
We had two factories and a great number of traffic problems .
Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know how soon they 'd returned to their house .
A car may take days or months for the same distance .
People have conciencied themselves that they need to respect nature and the places where we live .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
Therefore , Trivago uses advising to increase its market share in Hong Kong .
I watched most of the matches .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
You must n't miss it !
What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
This essay will discuss the differences and similarities between learning a language and learning mathematics .
In the beginning , it would be a simple job and without high wages , but you would get some experience .
Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raining , I can watch football on television .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , they noticed that there was n't anybody around .
In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
How are you ?
After that , the sports day began officially .
A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
And , if that 's not enough , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
And let 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered educated .
If we have not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering society .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
Staying at home all day is regrettable and not being kidnapped by aliens gets really boring .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to revise content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
Security against terrorist attacks was promised to be stepped up , but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
It can be really frustrating .
football player .
leisure time together .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , the same as the second hand on his clock .
I am an economics student at National Chung Cheng University , which is in Taiwan .
I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park . It is a wonderful beach , the sand is very white .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that they like .
When I found out I would be assigned to Gala National High School , I said it was the worst thing that had ever happened in my career .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
I look forward to hearing from you .
They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
Thank you for considering my application .
My mother made me start .
He might be busy .
But she ignores me .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her mode of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
In fact , the film , well cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful English locations , as in many British productions .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
Before the concert , I had to sweep up the whole hall .
Hello Estela !
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump .
I live in Stocksund with my mom , Anna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukas , and my little brother Jonathan .
Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
Juan
Companies can create a site dedicated to introducing the value of the products , prices and service deals .
Yours faithfully ,
Recently , I read four great books about Shoah . They were very interesting . My favourite was : " The Book Thief " . I read it for school , but I had already seen the film of this book .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bit daunting at first and you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skills .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We could meet up next month because I will have holidays .
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
All in all , I think that schools should not stop taking into account this important subject .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , people usually use their own private car .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would be interested to hear from you .
As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
As a country with one of the longest coastlines in the world , I definitely would recommend you to visit the beautiful beaches we have .
I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest developments and news .
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Krav maga teaches us how to handle ourselves in difficult situations .
How did I get here ?
After a while , the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live and they will become homeless people .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset to better perspectives .
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax .
From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
She quickly packed her handbag and ran out to catch a bus to university .
Moreover , he needed some people to advertise the show .
Some people probably do n't even know what it is .
It can not escape our minds that , at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper - sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single - sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
Third , being prepared .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on the gas that they have to fill the tank with .
They would consider you as an independent person .
I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
Dear Ira !
0100
Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
For this , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this during the first month . Every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy yourself .
It is not only changing how we communicate , but how we interact with each other in daily life .
So , in the future we will dispense with types of transportation .
That is priceless .
And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing long queues in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nowadays .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
Let 's consider some kinds of extreme sports .
It was in August , my parents and my brother were on holiday in Mallorca for a week , and that same day my sister and her boyfriend had travelled from Yecla to Paris on a package tour .
we need at least 45 minutes per day , or at least 3 times a week .
The less we use cars , the less traffic we will see in the roads .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim of avoiding excessive CO2 emissions .
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
The researchers found that there is a big difference between what the boardroom preach and what the employees experience .
I am writing in reference to the advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
So setting rules might cause them to do the exact opposite .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagant expansion in the natural system .
For example , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to increase HIV understanding and dispel stigmas attached to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
And once in a while , if you 're smart , the life you save could be your own .
- Prince Jason ?
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
One of the main advantages is the time that can be saved by using a computer .
Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
It was a small job in the local cinema and my main task was to help people find their places and help them with all the food they had .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A lot of knowledge is related to time , such as history , education and health .
When I was a university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim , because I did n't have to swim in my life .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
You have to spend some days in Fernando de Noronha .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
Not everyone can afford a car or , for some reason , some people are n't able to drive one .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems , including environmental ones .
The population is growing so fast , we need public transportation . It is important .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
My teacher said that public transport has no future in our society , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . Nevertheless , I disagree with her opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less .
I am not a professional player .
Yours sincerely
We can talk , walk and hang out with them .
In other words , if parents spoil their offspring , then they may become too dependent and incapable of functioning well in society later on .
I was very ambitious !
As returning to studying may be difficult .
I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
But , despite all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care in some dangerous situations .
Michael loved to play football all the time .
First , I like the curriculum of the mechanical engineering Master 's program .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now , in different educational centres .
While Peter was doing his homework , his best friend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks to using this kind of transport .
However , " Sebu " leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
The police came with a big investigation .
Even after the end of the match , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
We believe none of the promises your party made have been brought into action .
He liked the trend of everyone being fat in America . That way , he could fit in .
If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
As a result , I think that I have some talent for swimming .
Science is concerned only with information about the world , whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusions without considering morality .
Not only human beings but also all organisms are confronting the threat from climate - related natural disasters .
At that time , men had to work while women were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
The next is an understanding of what we can do for the environment by changing our transportation means .
They have to walk long distances to have clean water and to work , too , to survive .
In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
I discovered a new world .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Anyway , it turned out that the guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offered me the job !
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
Evidence s that many natural systems have been affected by climate change , particularly by temperature rises .
In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and a pair of glasses will be all you need .
He is young and handsome .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
From that day , diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
( show video )
However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
The most important thing is your willpower .
If you still have any questions , just call me .
The bride wears a long white dress and the groom wears a black suit .
He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballers .
Thanks for your letter asking about what the young people are interested in .
The ants won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score .
They serve all meals in small portions , and they suggest that the servings can be shared , so everybody can try more items from the menu .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as being able to do two things at the same time .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
The information below evaluates the chief measures taken against pollution and environmental damage as well as the population 's interest and involvement in the optimum preservation of the area .
Thanking you
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
Last but not least , family perception , has been changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
Design is the first and the most important process .
Being on the court is fun , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy who knew close to nothing about Christianity , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a three - year - old child .
Last year I won the national competition in my country and that makes me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
Today I am very excited because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
I have played a lot of other sports , like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and would try my best to be the nicest person alive .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
Have you heard about Islam ?
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all of society .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters have always been the cruellest ones .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
I hope you can talk about it in your next letter , I really have a blast with your stories .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
My wife likes to go out when she is free . She likes to visit touristic places .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
For goods , the marginal utility may start to be less than it was before after a while , and then we are advised to switch our buying to other goods .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think it is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skills at the same time .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall on the outskirts of Bern .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
If you do it ( and I 'm sure you will do it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
Faithfully ,
In addition , developing the latest technology in purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
The winner had changed Japan 's landscape , what once was the amazing city of Tokyo now was a sad and dirty city .
I was walking to a football training session with my friend Michal last week .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and , furthermore , evaluate the reasons why it is especially complicated to maintain long - lasting friendships in any situation .
I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something important with your own money .
It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .
Our pupils have to sit for many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be silent .
Alison , well ...
Advances in computer science have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't sleep the night before .
Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party has and is really coming under fire .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discussion for years .
She was sure that everyone would remember about the celebration and have a gift for her .
I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided for those animals , like birds .
Almost every weekend , I go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
Why ?
Last but not least , I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
In addition , everyone would feel rushed to finish what he is doing .
The government should renovate the buildings , which would be great shelters for homeless people .
My favorite sport is Hockey .
Local people were invited and a talent competition was held .
You may want some nice music with you , so an Ipod is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and set up the perfect soundtrack to your walking activity .
I do not agree with that at all .
Sometimes , they are happy ; sometimes , they are sad .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp in Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
I have been an architect since 2003 .
One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People may usually emphasize their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first , instead of the public .
I have applied to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
Construction will be improved .
My family and I were returning from a holiday that we spent at the seaside .
It is an interesting activity ! There is the Fifa World Cup too !
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices like cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
I would like to have a meeting with you to explain my skills to you in more detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
It was beautiful .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Never use monosyllabic answers .
For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to nations with water scarcity .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing .
Although I have never taken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travelled by plane .
I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
The plot is about a teenage girl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home where a horrible double homicide had taken place .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
Hi David
It is about a family ( a mother and her two children , Nicholas and Anne ) . The mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the light in general .
I decided to go back to school .
All governments are increasing their policies and laws relating to this topic and they also promote new rules in the daily life of the population .
I think it is the best one too .
He worked a lot , arrived late from his work and never had time to be with Ann .
I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
This kind of skating taught me how to take risks and not to be afraid .
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
Puskás Ferenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
Now the traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to this using the public transport system as much as possible .
Peter flew from the classroom and tried to squeeze himself between the multiple students that were evacuating their classes .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy a car .
This is my wonderful day .
The famous dish of this restaurant is a huge hamburger .
I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities where they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
I thought that it was the best sport ever .
My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
I learned a lot of new words during the presentations which I used in my free writing .
Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
The advertisement mentions work in the kitchens . Our summer camp was small because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I was able to do it without problems .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love horror , or a comedy .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
Fame is a choice of many people ; it was their dream .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
I was born and raised in China . Being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers did to us during World War II .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
We do everything to make our town more green . Our citizens always have new ideas that make a difference to our daily lives .
With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
What happens to the rubbish ?
There are many people that offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and have been very helpful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
I hope you will find time to visit that park .
I will make summer camp a much better place to be !
These variables and behavior of employees determine the expected performance and then there is the actual outcome .
The first step is to design the appearance of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
There is a good example involving developing countries , whose economies have been successful due to being the most open to free trade , and countries with low economic growth , which closed themselves off to international trade .
This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
There is no future for public transport ?
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
I have taught a number of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including technical writing and first - year writing .
It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
I want to be an accountant .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat and at what time of the day .
" Tick " .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energy without using toxic materials and mining resources from the Earth .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
The main reason for that can be found by surveying the related to new teaching methods developed recently .
There was simply no alternative to this , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
Another good point : we have converted our next door neighbour !
If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
However , it is probably a truism that reading about or watching films about a country are only pale substitutes for actually going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have ever seen .
Have you ever tried unsuccessfully more than 5 sports in only one month ?
Let me know how it goes .
Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keeps me in a good mood .
So I think , it 's no problem for me to stay and work the whole day .
A girl was on the other end of the phone and she told me that my sister and her boyfriend were n't with the other passengers .
And lots of city administrations advocate protecting animals .
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
In conclusion , the internet has pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
It 's really dangerous .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
First of all , travelling by car is very expensive .
" He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reaffirm his social position .
Andrea Cocci
The result is insincere , misleading and often deceitful messages that our minds are saturated with .
On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
At that time , the Order sent to the Vatican an urgent message and called the press to make an announcement of the discovery .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
Topic :
Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .
This was very scary !
So , if you prefer saving money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
Kateryna was frustrated with the classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas in practice .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
I have done several school trips in the past few years and I 'm going to do it again for sure .
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services of the Active Leisure Clubs .
I was blown away by the breathtaking view of the city from my window .
I had never felt so nervous !
Micheal was stuck in nowhere .
People are noticing your promises are not going to be kept and I am sure there will be plenty of people complaining about the lack of truth in your promises .
Then is printing with special ink .
When we reached the workshop , the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
He is confusedly in love .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last wedding anniversary .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is initially expensive , but it is so handy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we can not live without it .
It was about life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
Moreover , it is a welcome distraction from the theoretical school routine .
Now I will explain to you how to reach my home from the airport .
I think that your brain is like your body . They both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSE .
Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand new one .
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about returning home .
It 's December .
I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
In my spare time I like to be with friends and I do also play soccer , dance and ski .
Sports are very beneficial for our health .
I like to believe that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships on his path .
Some information about what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean is described in the following lines .
There is a great variety of dishes , from starters to main dishes and desserts . My recommendation is garlic bread as a starter .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my city .
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
No need to make a fixed appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each other once everyone is on the way .
Every time a car is used and more economic .
Secondly , equipment such as skilled machinists and metal plates have to be prepared for the next steps .
Cyberschool is when students receive
Yours faithfully ,
They played all of their famous songs and added some new ones .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
In particular , there are a lot of green areas . These makes good health .
Riding also means cleaning the horse and looking after it , but never mind , it 's the best sport you can do .
Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
I 'm a hard - working person and I like children .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
Also , the main drawback of cars is environmental pollution .
More than 12 million people live in our town .
Next , you can play with anyone with confidence and control .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talks in prose .
Generally speaking , students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , it makes me feel like I am suspended in a dream or fairytale .
We should live in a stable and peaceful world .
On the one hand , I like to have things that are typical in each country , apart from the fact that they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience the food too .
So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
In the end , I would like to add a quotation by Franz Marc .
I was so surprised !
In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
The only thing they found was a pair of goggles that said the home of the man .
For two hours , I served drinks .
Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
Famous people live in a completely different way than ordinary people .
From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people will never be an effortless job .
In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
I do not agree with the statement .
That morning she woke up in a very good mood .
When you travel by bus , you pay more .
Also , I can see the air pollution is tallest .
I worked at a local cinema last summer .
He lives with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
Furthermore , I always try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur .
You can only get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any other ways .
I 'm pleasantly surprised by you visiting this part of the country , but let 's have fun together !
Michael felt strange , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
" Oh , shut up you delicate flower " said the girl . "
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
Now it 's your time to choose .
Then it 's better to concentrate on learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with questions and tests .
Besides the issues that have already been mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
It is common to see parents having issues with their kids because of this kind of commercial .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
How much violence is there ?
According to the general world laws about global warming , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge that needs to be acquired by children in order to live in society .
Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me with its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
I consider myself a responsible person with the ability to face any kinds of problems .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight the system .
But we are heading in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
But I ca n't imagine it can be as bad or worse than my current job .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
A more compact building would be more appreciated by most people .
They were more likely forced rather than having to choose it as an option .
This restaurant is very affordable . The prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for your pizza , with or without French fries , and a drink for about three euros .
Now you have what you wanted . '
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
Next month , I am going to come to our town .
For example , the speed of transportation could become faster , use green energy sources , increase the capacity of the public vehicles and so on .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
" Atacama 33 "
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for the job in the USA summer camps .
I started to walk through the house until I heard a noise .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medical chemistry .
to your engagement party .
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
However , as long as you can afford it and you 're provided with patience and enthusiasm , you should n't miss the opportunity to play this amazing sport .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of running shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Writing should be done naturally ; only then it serves its real purpose .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
All the best
I would do my best to make their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
When I go out to the countryside , if I lunch there , I take care to clean the ground .
Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continued walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
He tried to go out with her .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
But time was up .
Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
As a result of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that may arise .
First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I went back to the swimming pool every day early in the morning .
I 'm sure you would like this movie .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and going to the forest .
It is not easy to adapt to a new learning environment ; the language is the biggest difficulty .
I accept feedback from peers and management and improve my performance .
There is very little European influence on our law , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
What could I say about the characters ?
I want to give an example of what the Home of the Future will look like .
Subsequently , I would like to answer the next two questions .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
I got home from school , only to find a gift on the sofa .
The exams meant that I did n't do much sport .
I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors onto the stage .
This was during my first year at college .
The right choice of means of transport has a big impact on your time and resources .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was standing all the time .
My favourite restaurant is Chinese .
My ex - husband taught me not to get involved with some kinds of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
For example , all the members of the town council use bikes , so they are a good example to all citizens .
The presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Firstly , you should choose me because I can speak English very fluently .
It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
During the whole school year , a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
It was really cool .
28042
A friend will stay on and listen to you with patience .
If you want to see my reports , I can send you them whenever you want or , if you prefer to ask my teachers about me , I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
It 's an easy , beautiful language .
I went into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
I am very interested in working in the financial markets .
Secondly , printing -- including sheets of bank notes , are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- colour on both sides , special ink , slightly raised images .
In order to help reduce pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am more and more eco - friendly .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , I might get a cold and a temperature or something like that .
Good afternoon .
And at the end of the summer , the girl leaves , but next year she comes again . But this time , she has a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .
Recommendations
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
Like many other things , it seems to me that it involve different positive aspects to everyone .
This sport was very happier for me , but one day I broke my leg and then I never played football again .
I would like to visit Germany .
I want to know if a grant is available .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk , in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood who have been living there more than 1000 years .
If you feel like eating something , there are a lot of well - known restaurants , and they have different countries ' dishes .
It is still unacceptable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
And I think that I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
I wake up early , like 7 am . At that moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
Where are those fucking bastard keys ? ......
Consequently , you can be robbed or get sick .
I think I have a talent for numbers , and I can memorize numbers extremely well .
I went to the beach . We loved it .
If you like complicated stories about dreams and how to make them come true , this story is definitely for you .
The consequence is that they can easily get sick in modern buildings , which will influence their mental health , and even worse .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
She gave the king an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
As you know , I worked in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
Two groups of participants were asked to do a suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
I would say you are talking about my father .
My
I think it should be easy for me to help in the kitchens because I can cook very well .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news ; a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
He 'll call later ' , she thought .
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
The good points of the club are as below :
Boys like following channels on youtube .
Attitude to schools in Colombia and Australia .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
They said that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
Well , maybe it 's for the best - less pressure .
His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
First of all , I think , to stay young , you need a goal in life .
Most of these buses will make many stops , which makes it even more time - consuming .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
I am sure I am the right person for the job - because I have patience with children . I know what they enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .
I love Arsene Wenger .
Meet their patron saint , San Isidro , and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to take the children on an adventure , but also help them become independent young adults .
My favourite sport is cricket .
The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
Many people feel that it is good to make their student life easier .
And finally , the third and last reason why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply giving us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
Then ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
It is about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
I would like to learn on this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
Badminton is my favourite sport .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
For example , playing sport at least twice a week prevents diseases and obesity .
It was opened on June 20 , 1957 and was built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
Hope to see you soon
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber continued enjoying their food .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
Our house is clean and comfortable , me and my family love to spend time at home .
Consequently , they are mistreated , hit and live in an inadequate place where they can not behave freely .
I always do exercise . In the morning I like to run on the beach , in the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
I 'm still improving my English skills with a Canadian teacher .
I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provide some academic support to some younger students during my final year of study at Manchester .
If you would like to spend some time travelling , my country , Spain , is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shopping is on the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
However , a major drawback would be the lack of exposure to the language that is intended to be learnt .
I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in the organisation of this month 's concert .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
The Hunger Games
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things related to our work .
A new problem is in the small towns , because they are not designed to accommodate a lot of cars .
I have all the needed traits for this job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
Later that night , while Michael was cheerfully chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
Simpsons or Family Guy .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is very economical .
To my mind , the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
The reason why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
I was incredibly overjoyed when the culmination came .
There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
It is just 5 minutes from the airport to my house .
It swerved , beautifully avoiding a tree , and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
Keeping a cat is not a simple matter and it needs real love and good care .
He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody would tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
For several reasons .
You know that I learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Your knee is bleeding .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect them to achieve .
You 're wrong .
I guess that is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class relay race .
This is clearly seen when driving along the road and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the road .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car for someone who could help him .
I ca n't say I hope that time will be more important in our lives and we need to save it .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
The best sport in the world .
Everything that happened between us was too good to be true .
Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you go on holiday .
Because on occasions it 's very boring .
He chose a blue tie and a light grey suit .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra - curricular activities in the school .
That 's all for the time being .
There are some things you should take into consideration if you want to try this sport .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
To resolve this problem , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
I grew up with two younger brothers and used to look after them . Therefore , I am used to dealing with younger kids .
He had been taking care of her , so he was prevented from going to university .
Everyone wants particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being . However , the real world hasn't got the capacity to support these ideas .
Firstly , society today is more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
The perfect hotel I would love to work in should be located in my country .
First of all , it is absolutely minimal . You just need boots for running !
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
The British do n't say what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
The government should play a key role by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss assessors etc .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
When I was a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
I drew a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey , which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
Hello Maxi ! !
But these thoughts of l … lo … love , can make me very nervous- the blush comes again .
He was everything to her .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
I knew that my car was on site number one hundred and thirty five , but the car was not there .
It is equally cruel , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave like femmes fatales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the person that you are looking for for the job described in your advertisement .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area because of its great universities and educational system .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time , there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually pile up in the landfill and cause the land on our earth to be occupied .
The party continued with splendid dancing until seven in the morning .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
When Michael saw me , he opened the door , but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .
Then we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
It would be amazing !
Do not ruin our life . It could all be so perfect !
As all of us know , today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
There was an old granny who had been beaten up .
No need to pay the full amount , because they have many people who board the bus .
Urban flooding is one of them .
Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
For the average middle - aged person , the logical option is to use a taxi .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
I come back home at sunset .
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
The rules are simple : just look at the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if you need to . I said OK .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
Instead of just working during the day , man could now continue working during the night .
A Love Affair with Baking
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge for their students to help them develop academically and socially .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision . He decided to keep on doing his homework and project .
If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we will visit the city of London .
And I like to trust my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyal to me , and their mouths are closed .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , minimize the number of accidents .
I have been looking for a while for a suitable university to apply to .
He entered and decided that he would stay over the night .
Not to mention the huge advantage that people are protected from earthquakes because these houses do not have direct contact with the earth .
Suddenly , the man turned back and looked at her .
Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them on the Internet .
protect the water sources and the sea .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text , you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
However , I am scared a bit of the consequences of this secret adventure .
If you visit it , you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
The reasons for use are dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
products list ( I suppose it has been sold out ) .
Is science evil ?
I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
Alison went red as a beetroot and all her friends laughed at her .
This city is located in the north of Extremadura .
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
In the modern world , public transport has become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convenient . Travelling by car also reduces people 's journey time and they do n't need to wait for a particular bus .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel to the same destination by private vehicle .
John
Joey is an actor and he is always having auditions but without success .
Last but not least , you do not need any kind of special equipment or people .
In Cádiz , in summer , there are a lot of opportunities to work .
I possess very good knowledge of page layout software .
It will be a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
The place you must visit is the islands !
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because some of their usual food .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
Fast food is one of the ways to solve that problem .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creation of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
Sara tried to get rid of it but the white car was still there .
Then , one day , he met a girl on the train . She was n't that beautiful , but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
The prices in the shops are often very high and clothes are not good quality .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I look forward to hearing from you .
How are you ?
Their success
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body language as much as film actors .
People should be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present and future generations .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoy working with textbooks more because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
I was waiting for the answer .
I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautiful in the end .
Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your relationships with people .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
It is well known for its jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and carpet shops .
The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself sent back in time to be killed .
It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Friday nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tidying after ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and , generally speaking , - helping .
You will ride as far as Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
If we miss the boat I think we will drown before the next boat comes .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
And finally we have Phoebe , a veggie and bohemian girl who enjoys singing and playing the guitar and who works as a massage therapist .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga , where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
The only thing that definitely should be changed in the future , is the approach to the usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Owning a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent the meaning of our songs better .
We found a club , 3 big pools , sports fields and , of course , the amazing beach , though we could n't see much of it because it was really dark at night .
I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
As he could n't sleep anymore , he got dressed and took his brother to the park .
We love to travel here and there , but this is the place I have wanted to go a since long time ago .
I am pretty sure that most people even wish for that .
People have to sit next to other people they do n't know for a long time . In other words , you may be sitting next to suspicious passengers .
After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me and screaming : " Oh !
Firstly , laws should be created to forbid some projects which cause massive problems for the environment .
As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
-It has been a long time , Peter .
Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have something to celebrate , for example , birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
Furthermore , even if you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Suddenly Micheal felt pain in his chest .
The damage to wildlife habitats has an affect on animals in a negative way .
When students grasp the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issues related to it deeply .
On the other hand , public transport is good value for money .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschool .
But insurance is also a necessity and indispensable for peace of mind . It gives us surety to live life securely .
People 's health
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
A girl came and sat on the seat next to him .
Overall , the achievement of the ice - cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
I now feel complete .
Everything Michael had done for her was just for a bet .
Kortrijk is a small town located in the northern part of Belgium .
For example , you could go on foot or on your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead . By doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
After that , we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts .
I was born in Danderyd 's hospital in 2001 .
I do n't watch only movies , I watch some series to .
Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and changes us into labor - lovers , personal cars and public transport will rule side by side for all eternity .
With a car in the city , we have some problems .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
It is much easier to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
It is associated with strong emotions caused by natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky .
David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
During the break , the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar , but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
Rarely do we see bicycles and scooters .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
I was born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
I am available for an interview at any time which might be convenient for you .
The World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases and that will change our lives , because we could live for longer .
Bye , Sandra
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
Our fridge will tell us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
If you want to have a quiet , cozy dinner , you can sit at the table in the corner .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : the warm hug of the sun makes me feel loved , cuddled and so grateful for that .
First , it is difficult to navigate the current website version . We could move the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to find .
Mar Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
You can work , travel , go on an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
My penultimate position was as chief executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to new environments .
The dream of every person that plays this sport , is to make it a profession as well as a hobby , but very few people make it .
Mountains of studies have demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control stormwater .
Working people usually have lunch at about 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffee because the break is short and they have to go back to work and need to be concentrate and do n't get asleep !
She parked her car a few meters away from Michael 's office and walked up to it .
There are a lot of campaigns going on globally .
After the handover in 1997 , it became a special administrative region of China .
As there are different kinds of materials , rubbish , some are recyclable and some are not .
Humans also want houses , and transport facilities .
This remarkable story is set in Verona in the 15th century .
She loved him ..
We shouted and two waiters of the hotel came quickly .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success . So if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
Best wishes ,
All the best ,
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
If you need further details about how to get to my apartment write to me soon .
This kind of sport is very elegant .
I highly recommend local shops to our tourists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here .
Many people like travelling by car , but it pollutes a lot more than going by public transport . Public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes less than them .
This is the case of the " free choice " song , Taylor Swift .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more connected .
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
At first , I did n't believe that this place would be as amazing as she said .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to the number of unclear road signs .
Pollution is a global problem .
I want to write about the best vacation I ever had .
We will be very happy and we
In this fast - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly believe it is not always enjoyable .
Looking forward to your answer
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is and show Allison was murdered , while " A " turns their lives into hell .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
There is no secret for human beings today , because they have explored every place on the Earth .
The whole world gets together to support their favourite teams & the boys play it in the streets together .
I will not tell you what happens afterwards so as not to spoil it for you .
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Hence , we should bring our own recycling bag or basket every time we go shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class , because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes . For example , pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish , so you are not accustomed to the language .
Using the changing method would improve the education system in many ways , especially for people with obstruction .
It all depends on what you are about to buy .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom that it gives me : there 's nothing better than being out on the water with only the sound of the waves , and of the wind in the sails .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
That night , the dog , the kitten , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost - reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences for high school students .
Because we spend a lot of time together .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
However , speaking , listening activities and the massive use of I.T . mark the schedule nowadays .
One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need a lot of time to visit all of them .
It is football .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
Let us bathe .
We will live happily .
Travelling by car is much more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
Television entertains us , it can also educate .
The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
However , in some countries , public transportation is a nightmare because it has not been maintained by the governments properly . This is one of the main reasons which have led people to use personal vehicles rather than relying on public transportation .
His name is Kyle .
Normally in the night .
But what will there be in the future ?
After that , I went back home , I put them on , and I went outside to skate .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes and gossip , with our colleagues .
That 's because swimming is really fun .
You only have to be aware of when your public transport leaves and be there a couple of minutes before .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , complicated operating requires a lot of time .
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food . Instead they are very interested in earning money .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 or 40 years ago .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to the others .
I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the morning and work in the evening in a mall .
The price of the food is expensive , but nothing pays a good meal .
Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite sport , although I 'd like to have one .
It took place about two years ago .
It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
Transport facilities and economic development have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
But do not go in !
The food is always freshly prepared .
Accordingly , the author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , where people were joyful because of spring coming just as a Christian is joyful about the Resurrection .
In conclusion , I think that TV companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relaxing moment with the sports programmes .
The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
Those are great advantages everyone can see .
Work and social life both play important roles in putting people 's lives together .
Which of these is better ?
When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series ' huge success .
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britain from 22 to 25 February .
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Hello , I 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am very hardworking in high school and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which access to knowledge is easier and faster , leaving aside books .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility , both in the big cities and in the countryside .
Yellows bins were carried away from our yard a few days later .
Eventually , the citizen becomes part of a very meticulous recycling process by looking to the cost .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
I would like to apply for a job at a summer camp .
Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
Apart from my experience in the Arts , I also have been doing gymnastics for ten years ; therefore , I am a sporty girl .
Let 's focus now on the pellet boiler .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupied by housing and other residential buildings .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
When students finish their classes , they take the bus home .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the cathedral ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , Sforza 's castle .
A secret agent works undercover , so his most important quality is possessing great skill at lying .
Nevertheless , there is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codes around that sometimes makes the common man wonder about his vulnerable existence and unknowingly being - exploited life .
Recommended changes
Sincerely ,
Conclusion
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano . She 's pretty and smart .
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Michael took two little steps and heard the wail of the wind .
The main features of these bank notes are good quality and the effort made by bank workers .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
He was sad to go to his office .
About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language has just grown .
Please write to me soon .
Dear Caroline ,
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike complies with the safety regulations .
" Michael " she called " your friend Tom is here looking for you , could you please come down ? "
He is really tall , he is 202 centimeters .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but , in the future , they may not have a choice .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five years old , who is engaged to a nice girl .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organisation .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage , so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
Lastly , advertising , like art , originated a long time ago .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I described the same things from the geographical aspects .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in acceptable conditions .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring causes parents to invest in their children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The next day , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love without using protection .
I hope you consider me and I look forward to hearing from you soon .
The reputation for stability and consistency and the global leadership in mezzanine finance are my main reasons for applying to ICG .
To my mind , cycling is the best way of traveling .
2 Divide wet rubbish from products which can not be recycled .
Suddenly , it got so dark that I could not see a thing .
Web Programming with my boyfriend .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
All but one - Michael .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Number five : it 's not about the race at all .
An Unexpected Success
When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
I worked in the English holiday school this year and I have learned a lot through this experience .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect place for young people who are keen on sports and for the ones who would like to take up a sport .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a suitable one .
Mistake ! !
Yours faithfully
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals ' lives , contributing to the economic growth of numerous nations .
I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handicrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , and I always share new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
This is because , despite having experience in industrial design , I never took part in the design process from the initial stage .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
You wo n't be able to cover such a distance in one day .
Then she took the document and started reading in a loud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
Thus , bad personality can be the seed of crime .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
In addition , you could visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
The Internet changed people 's routine .
I think that I could do a fantastic job .
Dear Laura ,
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport and possible improvement .
All thanks to new technologies , innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveries .
Kisses ,
In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy private cars .
And so the old music changed to the new music .
Hi Julie ,
Watching our national team 's games , I came to the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
Alison goes to a bus stop and she waits for a bus .
He felt it again .
Desegregation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
I went to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
Yes .
" Okay , I think it 's time I went in " .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that plays a part in our day - to - day lives .
So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
Also , it has to be said that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
Sport is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
First , I started a new job . It did not turn out the way I hoped unfortunately .
Attached we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
It will better if we have public transport .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
As far as watching , that 's a good question .
What is more , we are becoming indifferent to other people 's suffering and that 's why we are n't willing to think about it , even on Good Friday .
She knew her husband better than herself and had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
Anyway , I must go now .
Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for that ?
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more far than usual route .
Public transport has advantages and disadvantages . i will start with the disadvantages .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil fuels .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
We discovered another problem when we tried to use the blender .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Taking a gap - year before starting university is a lifetime opportunity for lots of people .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist 's child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
It is very easy to spend hours being entertained by television .
But now using public transport is seen as something for people of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
Three months later , Magda was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them . He was totally insane and jealous . He grabbed an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he beat them as hard as he could .
Manager
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel this month and the salary offered per week .
More than that , all the classes are free .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
And then he realised it was an enormous lion .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my last summer .
Not only will they be used to telephone , but we could pay with them too .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Public activity is one of the most important things .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
There there is very beautiful countryside , peace and fresh air .
In this class , there are strong wishes for certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
Today I felt bad in public transport .
We can go hiking and climbing .
Secondly , the experience one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more mature ,
I did everything by myself because everyone had something to do on their own .
There have been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social life .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
Some people complain that when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day ! They would like to have a rest .
The former does not need any explanation .
Moreover , they travel all around the world and spend their holidays in expensive resorts , get the best hotel rooms and the most efficient service .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , but the train is a general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
For example , people today know more about space , genetics , and diseases .
In addition , you 'll enjoy the breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife on both sides of the river .
The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver took us to a café to have breakfast .
Dear Sir or Madam
People can travel through the city easily and safely .
Citizenship classes
My name is Samy .
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish collection system and to keep the city clean .
People become crazy , agitated or bored while shopping .
I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
It is faster than the other two , it is not difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Do you do any sports ?
My favourite is diving .
All the best .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
OMG , I can ' t stop imagining it still .
All in all , if you want to read about effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , we have bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Always fight if you want .
We need to embrace the advances of technology and we will be free of those terrible experiences .
I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
Nowadays , there is limited time for any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
It 's interesting to mention that there is a fashion for Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in the health care sector and chemistry , as well as a strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safe the means of transport that I take is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
Some people think that buying things is very boring and unnecessary .
It actually took me there !
Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
He is sarcastic and often mean , which drives people away from him .
If people can rent this movie or watch it online , I would encourage to them watch it as soon as possible .
The same day , he asked his Science teacher if this would probably happen in the future .
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned on the English course , can always be used later on in life .
Apart from that , everything 's fine here in Poland .
But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You have to keep moving forward .
Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It sounded like quite a good challenge for me , so after finishing the lessons , I quickly sat down and started writing .
Dear Marco ,
In Zermatt you can see the Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on Toblerone packaging ) .
My class visits museums once a month .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
So , I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and countryside .
Winning . We knew it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
Tom sold all of the tickets quickly and earned enough money .
He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
Dear Sir
And there is a big university community involved in recycling .
- Oh , okay , bye !
I work in an office and have no idea where my friends are .
Cultural literacy is knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
Nevertheless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
He wondered how he would react next time .
My likes regarding films have changed too .
This is life .
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to tell you because then wo n't be fun to see the movie .
I guess we 'll just have to play this one cool , because I ca n't lose Susan .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
These courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
In short , the plane is one of the best options for doing it .
It will examine responses including the recycling of water , the development of technology for purifying ocean water and multinational sharing of water resources .
Nowadays , many people like doing shopping .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in the living room and waiting for her .
Thanks .
According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on the global market .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything changed .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market works for both academic and commercial careers .
The main character , Walter Mitty , works for a well - known magazine , " Life " , as a manager of photo negatives .
The plot is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
It is another way to discover a culture .
In our opinion , the area around the Grand Place is the most beautiful part of the centre of Brussels and what really attracts so many visitors worldwide each year .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking spaces and reduces traffic jams .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
Contribution
After the first few words , you will like the experience and it will be hard for you to stop .
What 's more , the notes will also be printed with security features .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , to be honest , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with either group .
Bork believes this very comparison to be an efficient one , as it employs parallels that are easily understandable for a wider audience due to the utilization of simple terms that they can relate to .
With the coming of cars , people use public transport more rarely .
In recent years , social media sites have developed and penetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
If someone asked me what the best sport is , I would say :
Gone are the days when Tom mindlessly chased Jerry .
I really enjoy baking and I often buy books about it .
The noise continued , so he decided to see what was happening . As he turned the corner , he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
I had an exam .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Lucy Keyes
Moreover , studying at a university provides an opportunity to interact with a wide range of people and thus build unique communication skills that are very important for employees .
Marcos Rodriguez
I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it was aggressive skates .
Therefore , I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
The establishment sought a security guard who had to guard the pizza restaurant at night . I am the security man .
For instance , degree courses , master 's courses or just an updating course can be found .
Michael had already woken up when his mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that , when people try to use public transport rather their own cars .
He is a hunter .
Nowadays , most people travel by car every day instead of using public transport .
There you can see some of the greatest teachers painters .
This might be because they have strong obligations to family , might need to look after someone or might simply not have marketable skills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , but she had a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
These are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly .
CONCLUSION
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
If you want to swim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and solid motivation .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
cold .
However , there are various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone and everyone has to decide for him- or herself in which way to use this medium .
It was a normal Friday afternoon .
Also , cars will fly , and maybe that will be better for the city .
But that 's great !
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
I would readily meet the challenges of the job and handle the responsibilities .
She : I decided my blog would be about nothing .
·Other ideas for having fun
At some time or another , each and every young person must provide themselves with the necessary skills . " What can I do with my life ? " .
Long time no see .
We organized some additional activities , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
The third part touched on the ways of spending free time at home .
It 's also a really fun sport to play .
My kids are proud to have parents like me and my husband .
Because I really love to work with people of all ages , and I would like to have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
Even if we did , then , surely , so does the rest of the world .
Another drawback is that animals sometimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
I like to work out on push up bars .
Dear Chris ,
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
It was NICKELBACK !
Instead of that , this amount of money could help the couple buy a house or car for their new life .
Hello Oskar ,
We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .
I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .
Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer a greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
It is done by both boys and girls .
It starts with you .
Now I 'll introduce myself .
In general , this supposition is not regarded as true for many people in our culture , since Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is one of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
This is an old castle from the 10th century and the style is Arabian .
But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam on this course would be on July 5th .
It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
And she wears the best clothes ever !
After that lapse , the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment to rescue them started .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder exploding .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
The government are opposed to investing in public infrastructure , because the benefits are lower every year .
Finally , I think that the most used mode of transport in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike , and for travelling between cities , the car will remain the most used .
There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
-"Thank you for the information . Bye " , I said , knowing what I was n't going to do tomorrow .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break - ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
I hope to come back happier .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Clearly , travelling in your own car is much more comfortable than on public transport .
Computers will write what you think , mobiles will be smaller and lighter .
Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful girl on Linkedin .
It usually starts with small talk or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appreciation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationship .
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
In the Washington Post , the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
Despite the fact that it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
I have always dreamed of this , being a musical star on Broadway .
For instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if a member of our family had died .
Building our house we make the most important place for us .
The thing that most annoys me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time .
It was a hot , sunny day . Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercise increase the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
We have to consider that people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
I have further professional and personal references .
We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other school .
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
Moreover , google map service needs some improvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panoramas .
Yours Sincerely
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is your leisure , your free time , which means a time of relaxation & meditation .
After this event I can cope with anything !
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and more powerful .
It was great to hear from you .
It was nearly August when we decided to meet .
Peter was very worried .
nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in terms of timing .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
Climbing to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
The aim of this proposal is to compare the two proposed venues , River Boat Disco and Milford Comedy Club , and to recommend one based on the survey carried out among the students .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime , but she could not help it .
• 30% of them stated that they watch them at most twice a week , but they would do so more often if they were subtitled ;
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular regard .
The lecture and the reading passage both discuss how to stop the spread of cane toads in Australia .
If I had to choose whether to consider television educational or not , I would definitely say it is .
In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but most of them then will have been exploited .
You become aware of what was going on and you start to travel back into the film story .
One day , before this new law was established , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
In the town center there are the most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region ; " the Albastirca " .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
You only have to go to your car , sit in it and drive away .
There should be a bar which is open 24 hours .
For example , due to the wide spread of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have all heard something relating to it , but do n't really know about any details .
Maintaining cars has associated costs .
There are many accidental problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
Thank you for your email .
Dear Molly ,
But , you can travel by plane . It is not very expensive .
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
This went on until the last day of our trip .
It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit of whatever I want when I dance and only a few people judge me .
Every time you use a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless of their age .
The Soviet époque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for the establishment of new independent republics .
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
There are several reasons why television has inherited this reputation .
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Public transport is used for many reasons and can be convenient for different circumstances .
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships to those we had many years ago .
The consequence of this is that , in the near future , public transport will disappear .
Also , food should be provided by the company .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , we will spend our free time with technology .
When we were about to leave , we realized that there was a short letter on the table . ' I have your car keys .
These modes of transportation can easily be found anywhere to reach your destination .
Both of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
There are many good movies , thrillers , especially , are always enjoyable in my opinion .
Kind regards
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with impressive ancient neighbourhoods , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy with children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
It is a pity .
You know that I love action films like this .
Not to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice but to use public transport .
But in my city there is no snow .
Ariana
Also , I have not had an invitation to an interview yet .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from one place to the other , because the traffic is heavy .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation for being a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
The ultimate aim was to get feedback for service - improvement purposes .
Also , with the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside , a car is irreplaceable for families with children or animals .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
I started to hunt when I was seven years old .
Finally last night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to open the door and outside was my friend Matus .
The reason for choosing the English language specifically next September I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
It was said you would stand up for elderly and ill people but nothing has changed .
According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's lives by encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring us .
It 's a very good way to travel in the city .
I will write about my village .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
The competition was about writing stories .
When you are eating you can see some birds that are in the trees , so it makes this restaurant unusual and different than others .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films . It has always done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
One night , Paxton was speaking with them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
Rubbish and pollution
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The dispatcher told Peter to calm down and check if he had scissors , towels and water in his car .
Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in a sports summer camp .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
It became a mass killer and made people homeless .
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
In this essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
I tried that new programme on the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
This has led to a growing gap between the rich and the poor , while the environment is also getting worse and worse .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in the competition .
The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
First of all , I have to say that I totally depend on the Internet .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges become a staple .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Hi Jo ,
You should never be afraid of making a mistake or worry that people will laugh at you .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was stuck .
Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tennis , basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
Best
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
In fact , I agree .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
Are young people less healthy than they were years ago ?
Think about a family 's routine .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , created by some specific situations .
On the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
Peter had just got out of school and he realized that he was late for his weekly guitar lesson .
They take for granted that , historically , geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
So , I went to my parents and asked for their help . They presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I could easily get along with .
It 's convenient .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to understand how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
You can eat " tapas " at the counter or at small tables near the bar .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
In contrast , the professor argues that it was impossible that they were weapons because they show no damage .
Take care and I hope to hear from you soon .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
Next is the preparation of metal plates .
My study plan is to undertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
I do n't know why exactly .
At school , children are learning how to use less water or electricity at home .
Finally , you will see a big red house with lots of windows .
Transport is very important for our lives .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cave away from danger .
How are you ?
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
Finally , 7% could be explained by other reasons .
After that memorable moment , she could now have a thrilling life next to the person she loved .
In general , studying a language focuses more on a large amount of individual effort and little talent .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , as these fetuses are being deprived of their rights , since they already have a life .
In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
It will consider some relevant things which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Française , that set guidelines for French literature .
In my case , this role is played by them .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find the publications of researchers around the world .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if anything is necessary .
In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , including typing .
Thank you so much
After all , the factor with the most influence on the demolition of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
Peter , without hesitating , hugged the interviewer , who was a man about 40 years old .
The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
Football is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
Remember that stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear tiring music there , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queues are usually very long .
Football is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it than to any other thing you might think of .
Learning a new language gives you a chance to see the many things that are around you in a different aspect .
All I 'd have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
Recently , I saw the trailer of a film about vampires .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to devote your attention to the staff in your reception .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
I hope I will see such a future .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
Good question about item , how can answer , if you want to win £ 100 .
Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
A transportation vehicle that has changed people 's lives .
To my great astonishment , I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
For many years , people have used public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on video - therapy which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
The last point that has changed people 's lives is the tendency to have the same thoughts or the same goods .
While we are there , we not only want to see the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonably priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
In order to prevent the younger generation of our society consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
The majority of people were of the opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
I believe that we can do it here .
I can give you some advice to start doing this sport .
When hitting the ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
Secondly , has my writing improved and in what way did this happen then ?
Meanwhile , the urban council strongly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and times , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , you could ask for special permission .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
The doorbell rang .
They can explore cities at weekends or during academic breaks .
I think that public transport has a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
The sport that I like most is dancing .
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in the city centre opposite the station .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
I also teach children at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
I am also a hard worker .
He felt happy .
If you have any questions , feel free to email me .
I would like to change the fact that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a means of self - expression that can shape the audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction the of cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
For example , paper or the wheel .
People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
People like cycling along the river .
I enjoy it and got achievability from it .
Then we went to Big Ben .
They will never try to hurt any human being , so why do people try to hurt them ?
And when you want to buy something for a lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Cancer Research Center .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
- I wo n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim . Meanwhile , the others talk about women that feel guilty because they have hurt men .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
At this point , the vivid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered them like a blanket on a new born baby .
They cause pollution .
There are many very popular local foods .
In the case of a ship , travel time is immense .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
People were coming in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , others on all fours , cheerful anyway .
According to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate the way we use technology like the internet , phone , satellite .
Air pollution is the most serious problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of transport for the environment .
This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
I , myself , have faced so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
It 's good for health and wellness .
When they entered the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
Next time I go on such a trip , I need to make sure that I have a fully - charged mobile with me .
One may suggest that everyone needs to learn to assess the risk before investing , however , teaching students how to assess , not assessing for students , is the responsibility of educational institutions .
Fire ants are very aggressive .
His body is large and broad like an elephant 's .
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
To begin , everything is very difficult here .
He thought that they must go to the Hospital quickly , because Jon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
I ended up working for Mr Smith 's company in Madrid , where I 've been working for 20 years .
All these bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danger .
I love my cousin 's house , so I always visit him .
Many of them try to plan the cheapest way to do their trip including booking the best value hotel .
Stephan was still listening to music and crossing the street .
It 's really worth seeing .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
Dear Juliet ,
I take my jobs seriously and try my best to never let my bosses down .
They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we could swim and play .
Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination on time .
The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
They learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
The English economy changed from an agricultural one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygiene conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required in their place of work .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
Take bungee jumping .
That was a mistake .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you could have a problem with your budget .
I usually check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , because he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and poverty .
So , now , almost 80 percent of people can afford their own transport .
So if you are ever even considering the idea of taking a gap - year , do n't hesitate , just do it .
Jessica was 21 years old .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is , judgement made law .
This means that in the past three decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , asthma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems .
If you are a famous person , people believe you have a wonderful life .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like them .
However , some of them admitted their interest also for pop music and RNB .
Becsuse it is turning red !
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , not private , but public , and we ca n't say that this kind of transport will not be useful .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass top .
When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like studying or cleaning the flat , I cook .
I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester . I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
Not everyone is living for the kind of success which most people agree with , such as wealth , fame or power .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon . If you have any questions , you can mail or contact me .
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
Time never stops and does n't wait for anyone .
And magazines are full of those things .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
That is the reason why their price is so low .
But Long and The Writer helped to bury the crown again because the shadow was following him .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
As for me , my daily schedule does n't have much variety , just study , sleep and others .
The movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " The Purge "
Currently , a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
I really like antiques , even though there is not much to look at .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ?
Those problems suggest that there is not sufficient security in Central Plaza .
They spent time together and were very happy .
I enclose my CV to complete the information .
You can find a list of these with my achievements in my CV .
So they put on more and more sports programmes on television .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
And that 's all that matters .
If you 're looking for top quality products , we would recommend going to the Westfield shopping centre .
The other one is original brand manufacturers , like htc . They produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
There are lots of countries that have not
However , when she had arrived , there was nothing but a barren desert .
In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in our cities .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
Cheesecake , for me , is the simplest yet most sophisticated cake there is .
During the concert , I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in the toilets .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
Some more money is needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , schools and even houses .
Very often people say " Family is the most important thing in life " or " My family is my biggest support " , and I agree .
Public transport is busy nowadays .
I saw parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
Today our life is running by clock .
The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome desired .
Also , just for young children that are in the process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential , because they can have a healthier life .
She looked happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friends what had happened .
But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear John ,
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing in order to help our environment .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time to come .
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
But they do n't know about the big problem with pollution .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered like human friends .
I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
The number of people using public transport far outstrips the number of people the transport system was designed to handle .
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectations .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I live here with my wonderful family consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
They had all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful , old - fashioned dresses .
Each dessert comes with some appetizers to cleanse your palate .
See you soon . Kisses .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
If this happened in Cafe Noir , I could probably lose my job .
I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go walking through it every day .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer like Bambi , which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
I could see the show from my station but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to check his pulse rate , but found that he was dead .
Nearby , fields growing vegetables can be visited which have never been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
I personally believe that imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancakes .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important inventions of this last century .
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money on something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to buy something really important to you .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for the tube .
Your position .
Dear Ms Ana
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Well , it 's all right .
On one day I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
1 .
The Brazil and Netherlands games were a real test of our health .
Secondly , you can find a job here in Montevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
Dear Sir ,
Suggestions
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept of mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design are purely just creating new products .
In Italy , volleyball is very common , especially in my region .
Usually her dog was a blue color but at that moment it was red
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
A hectic day .
Client search , customer support , conflict solutions
You are like a bird .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
As a result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
After the last song , my dad took us to Bono 's room .
I definitely recommend this sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , have fun with their friends , and live a happy life .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice or hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accepts the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that , in history , geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least , is not demonstrable .
Would you be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlines , and program start and end date .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
I did n't see them till next morning .
But is it true ?
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
It can be seen in many aspects , ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system , to creating the whole new product .
However , underground trains and buses are equipped with such powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
Their boss checked the work then .
Yours sincerely
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
As a matter of fact , Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
Dear Sir or Madam ,
He got to Peter 's apartment to help him with his luggage .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
I think that it is a wonderful idea to collect different experiences before starting university studies .
I do n't know which of them you like more , but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player , do n't give up with it .
Everyone is individual and worries about themselves , because it is an easier way to live .
When I was young , I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
Therefore , the working group will make its own assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
In the final exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and informed the school 's manager , who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
She did n't see Michael coming either because she had just come out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at the corner and was putting her purse back into her massive handbag .
The only post ever sent to me was a birthday card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
Piotrek
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom and archaic sentence structure , several scenes have been shifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with the rich characters of the story .
For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discovering its monuments and landmarks .
In fact , being a teacher in the mountains is being the best of who I am , being the most fortunate of men alive , and being the happiest I could ever be .
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I 've been very busy lately .
The reason for the laziness is that the housework will be done by robots .
Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the great deal of progress that technology has made in the last century .
Dear Sir / Madam
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
She jumped for joy .
Introduction :
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
But can we safely regard this technological advance as a proper achievement of modern times ?
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood for 15 minutes .
Please contact me .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
Washing you enjoy it .
You ca n't imagine how excited I am about travelling to the UK !
So we should know the right way to drive .
I believe that Mr Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for the " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
I am so pleased to write this letter for you .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that has shaken Europe and that has intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - wateringly expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Strange things happen in the house . There are " intruders " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a very agreeable atmosphere .
Nowadays there are many teenagers who lack their own identity .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
Its very interesting sport .
This school is located in Marin , which is in northern Spain near Pontevedra .
In summary , learning a language is something beautiful , useful and entertaining .
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
I will have compassion to not be a bully and the courage to not to be a bystander .
Mike Hennings
Hope . Hope to hear from you soon !
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
It happened in May 2008 .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , life goes on and humans discover a new thing .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to take action to help the environment .
I 'm completely certain that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our lifestyles will have changed a lot .
If you give me a chance I will be very pleased .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
People will start purchasing all items from the Internet .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I have been working there since 2010 .
Living in a big city , I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
Given my strong academic background and my leadership experiences at university , including the completion of the Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for this position . I enclose a copy of my CV and hope very much to be invited for interview .
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work my whole body and it is also a really complete sport .
These acts often turn out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , and in the underground there is the hall of honor of American Flags .
They are incredibly delicious .
They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip , regardless of the restaurant voted for .
I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
90% of our conversation involves football and we can talk all day about it for sure .
I need to ask you for some help . You 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
My next goal is to participate in a full - marathon .
Access will give learners the possibility to use technological tools that will ensure a better experience while learning languages .
So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me very much .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
Why ?
At any case , in my opinion , it is a great film which many people will enjoy if they see it .
He sat on the sofa in front of the television and , suddenly , he realised that every morning was exactly the same , nothing had changed for so many years ! "
In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any kind of help is necessary .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxing , due to the fast pace of life and stress .
I have studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth ,
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them ,
The material processes are also known as the processes of doing .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
Some disadvantages could be :
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious of how food affects our health .
My name is Jenny Wang and I am the right person for the job .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel a free and vibrant local area in Seoul .
Definitely , public transportation does n't have any future .
If you are crazy about fashion but your budget is really tight , there are a lot of second - hand shops where you can buy a lot with a little money .
We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before this , I need to do other things .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian and French .
Robots will continue to be improved , till they will be able to do all work in the home , so no one rich enough to afford a robot would bother to do the work himself / herself .
Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
Second , if you avoid doing things just because you do n't like them , you 'll miss opportunities .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
In conclusion , public transportation will still be the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
If it happens , you must continue doing the best you can .
What 's more , it not only increases pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
Conclusion
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
This advice is to avoid you injuring yourself as a beginner at football .
Best wishes ,
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping into the dark and moving out .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
It gives me the feeling that the most important part of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
Please contact me regarding any queries you may have .
This usually leads to multiple births ie .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
For me , the best way to travel is train , because I think this mode of transportation has the most pros .
But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world , I have got very excited about that position that is available .
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner , you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
The future of transport is public , because there will be less traffic .
Finally , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
From the London Eye we could see all over London .
What 's up ?
Paulina
Regards ,
And as for me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
So , overall , I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
I can also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
She was a very friendly person and soon we were chatting every day .
Also , I have a degree in IT from the Google University . I did that course online .
Eventually , he saw the Kabaa .
As you will see from the enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degree in Project Management from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himself to the Princess :
We therefore have to choose other alternatives .
The reason is that , the longer you walk , the more you will feel what you are wearing .
A sweet olive tree was planted with his ashes .
Good luck with the upcoming exams !
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for fuel .
Even though the shops are not large , there are remarkable goods . For example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
Which was a time - consuming and obviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
But we have to ask ourselves , why would we connect every device in our house to the World Wide Web ?
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Is there no future for public transport ?
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come of age yet for that .
Children often use them to go to school and back , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
enjoy .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden released .
Development of emotional and psychological problems because of maternal deprivation can be a result .
Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual ?
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background for a lot of Japanese novels , paintings and historical dramas .
On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people who come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
Naturally , I returned the blender to you to be replaced with a new one .
In the beginning , I thought this was a disadvantage but this was not true .
Do you suddenly lose confidence when you have to speak to someone ?
In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get over a great number of diseases .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
It 's better to talk English and force it on them .
I do n't read many books .
I am keen to work for a company with a great reputation , like Green Pepper Cafe .
I have a dog named Atlas and he is a Berner Sennen/ Landser .
The Food Network has become my favourite channel . I can watch it the whole day !
Check out how ordinary people , just like you and me , live each and every day , share their grief and problems , join them in their happy moments , get involved in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
She never stops .
I first played badminton when I was 7 years old .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
However , what is the best means of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
As he jumped down the stairs , wings flapping across Cairo .
Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transport be forgotten , since as well as providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
Our great example of change is Germany .
He had taken her out to a five - star restaurant , which she insisted was too much , which got Michael to insist that it was okay .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
Secondly , we all know that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
I was wondering if Michael passed that exam .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
But are there , these days , prospects for a new World War ?
On the other hand , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is a poor man .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
We can not deny that there will be a time when no person will want to travel by bus or train .
It was a fantastic experience , especially for the people for which it was intended .
Best regards
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
My favorite restaurant is TGI Fridays .
By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
People might think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
The British summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
On the other hand , on Facebook , people can share pictures , videos and thoughts without restrictions .
Football is indeed a union .
Later that evening , I worked behind the bar .
During our courtship he was very charming and attentive .
Many made - for television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
She went down to the kitchen and proceeded with preparations , but she could n't get rid of that weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to call Michael again .
When I was in Bali , I had a great night that I will always remember .
The Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni is also a beautiful , delicate addition to this masterpiece .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it replaces books for lazy people .
The young people feel happier .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It was my dream to go there one day .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
It is essential for all forms of life in which water participates in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , and body temperature regulation .
First , people do not have to buy their own cars .
At the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream ; work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
My favourite sport is basketball .
At night , one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Icebreakers
Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
On public transport , many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey . It is very exhausting , especially on a long journey .
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I was a kid who was studying in kindergarten because of the way he taught .
They feel , as if they were humans .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
After designing them , metal plates are prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Whereas .
Moreover , it allows you to study at your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and get the job .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide their lives from journalists .
Not just a really competitive game , football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team work .
Another phenomenon that can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
If I were you , I would join the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
Dear Paul ,
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but also by night .
We distribute jute bags annually with our community logo on them , so that people can use them instead of plastic bags .
Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
Public transport in the near future
Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , in practice there are some limitations , such as switch on resistance and various power losses that prevent achieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
As children love playing , I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectations for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , and to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skills .
But the visit which made a lasting impression on my mind is the visit to Red Square .
Mexican food has a lot of tasty dishes from different states in the country .
In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
I can understand how difficult this decision must be .
The way Easter and , specifically , Good Friday are celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
Claudia
I believe you should give this matter your urgent attention .
The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and this includes party organs . "
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
Influenced by it , I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
In other words , how can we convince school board and colleagues that it is better for pupils to learn in an active way ?
If I were you , I would always remember a tip from Michael Jordan . "
We can get a lot of up - to - date information around the world through watching television .
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable doing it , that 's what I recommend you do . Enjoy yourself and be happy doing it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
On Sundays , the range of products is much bigger .
My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food for the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they currently are .
If they were financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
Some people do n't even care and just do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell them to make furniture .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers can not replace humans , because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anything .
I have always loved reading .
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer service of builders and the results of Vasthu .
What 's that ! ?
It 's my belief that the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process .
First , you save money if you use a car .
Unfortunately , there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can run around the 7 kilometre perimeter or cycling in the open air while looking at the swans .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
Other communication tools
People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
Have you ever been in trouble which type of transport you should take ?
No future for public transport ?
She turned on the music and started to prepare a healthy meal .
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
To begin with , it is important that the government develops a program which creates social awareness .
I like to prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is quicker .
How can we solve these problems ?
So let 's do it !
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
The system , which has been in practice since British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Curiously , you never know where you will find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simply work in the same company .
In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by bad weather happened first .
The court holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
We do n't choose our parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
Everyone in the world has a goal .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
So everyone brings the trash to the place permission .
I do n't have a car .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
Also , joining a team would be a great idea .
Love .
This picture illustrates the process of producing bank notes .
My favourite sport is running .
The last hotel I went to was one of my best holidays .
Along the same lines , inhabitants of my village do lots of work to make their area clean and hygienic .
Hi Jairwoo ,
Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
At that moment , I felt regretful and frustrated .
We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where being highly mobile is something
Then what about my appearance ?
Therefore it is important that we should think about this problem .
Your friend Hugo .
We have no idea of how much damage factories cause to the rivers and seas .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earnt to a Dog Foundation .
For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
Finally , a special mention goes to Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , just a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , with time , you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
I can show you around the place and tell you a bit more about the city .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
To provide insurance at nominal prices , and making claims should be easy . Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ . You will be astounded by the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get there .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Dear Jo
Dear Sir ,
Alexandra
I prefer to call that a lifestyle .
In conclusion , globalization of transportation has brought both positive and negative effects for Chinese people .
Hoping to see you soon ,
Apart from that , we also need to design security features .
Besides , being followed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience .
I am interested in an English Course on which I can learn at my own pace .
For those who are looking for cheap but practical clothes , I would recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
These crimes may be committed by sensible people who are not able to control themselves at crucial times .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I hope I can live with him in the same place .
I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
Usually , journalists also follow them all the time .
After all , family and friends are important .
Now , advertising is a big part of modern culture .
Three words that describe me really well are :
Maybe because in this period of time the weather was cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .
It can also increase the retention of visual information .
Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
He deserved it .
On my vacation I went to New York .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
She could n't believe her ears .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSE .
Cricket has been a part of me since when I was a kid .
To support my argument against this proposal , I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
If a war or other danger threatens the safety of a country they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Three month after her disappearance , she was found dead in the stream .
Recycling waste water is an effective method to solve the water scarcity problem .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduate school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
I am looking forward to receiving my programme of study .
Thanks
I am part of the new generation who in the future will use cars and the public transport will disappear .
If you would like to go somewhere fast , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people who rely on public transport .
Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confident .
Everybody needs to know about the benefits they can get from running .
Such research will indeed fail .
If the advertisement is designed well , people will remember it .
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
Because , what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes ?
I 've never tried it myself .
The idea of becoming the people 's protector face to the law , was n't his .
But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
Have you got friendly colleagues ?
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Try to be spontaneous and not too sliced .
1 ) I like helping people
Moreover , it is the most sombre day of the year , which recalls the Crucifixion caused by people 's sins .
Swimming has always been my favourite sport .
One day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
It is a popular English science fiction series and it tells the story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
The second reason is that Mt .
Usually , they watch crime series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
The metro , which is a means of public transport , solves all these problems .
" It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered . The night had already fallen and they did n't want any unwanted visitors .
So , I think that both hobbies have their advantages and disadvantages .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
I had to go jogging a few years ago .
Adrián Mares .
In addition , water pollution is a global problem as well , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire brigade they were horrified .
It is a small and quite city .
The line which represents the indoor swimming pool remains fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , the period of every year from April to June and October to December has the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sales are downwards overall .
In terms of holidays , some people like to visit their own countries , while others prefer going abroad .
For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , they could avoid sitting near them or report them to the bus driver .
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this trip , and especially my listening and spoken English .
I have two pets ; a dog and a bird .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas . Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feeds millions of people .
Say hello to Anne from me and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
However , most shopping centers provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
They have to migrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the migration most of them will die because of lack of water , high temperatures or predators .
, i love her so much . I do n't know what my world would be like without her and I do n't want to know .
Entertainments are a must . Everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
But can you imagine that in the near , unspecified future , all homes will be like that ?
Nowadays , environmental pollution is also important . That 's why public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendly means of transport .
In particular , the killer kills seven people , each one corresponding to those actions that , according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
It is a very popular pace to visit among tourists .
Moreover , once you have a bite on a sausage , you will fall in love with it .
I told them , you can just write , no matter what you write .
Their desire to be at the top contributes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
Nobody there knows me so you should n't be afraid that some of our friends will recognise me .
To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the movies preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage and gadgetry of the core team , and some of the most breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offer .
Firstly , how much money would you like to spend ?
She pursed her lips .
To sum up , in my opinion , travelling by car is better .
The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper and very accessible for young people .
The future .
In addition , employees do n't get confused by receiving several requests at the same time .
She waited for half an hour but her friend never came .
You can walk and smell the flowers beginning to bloom .
You will not regret visiting Santa Cruz .
However , cars can not take the place of public transportation just because of that convenience .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
It stalled in the road several times while we were on the way there .
Yours faithfully
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
However , learning ideas and concepts needs more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks .
Football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
Penn
However , I really liked experiencing that because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV show .
Because of the latter , she 's skin and bones with almost no muscles .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sharing my home with a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
At the present time , modern science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on human health .
As the secretary of the English Language club , I am writing this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students and the college if we received funding from you .
But it has been raining for four days .
Sounds nice and easy , right ?
He shook his head and looked at the ceiling .
Many people all around the world love football .
Although it was n't true . He had forgotten to unplug the iron .
In the middle of the main street , which is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
I played my first match at 16 years old and I felt very special because I was 16 and I was capable of scoring 3 goals .
Even if you look for good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
The book opens with a boy .
You do not what to do ?
The car is very easy .
Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupied by German people many years ago .
This is the best option for me .
One day , searching on Google , the two friends discover that Google is looking for new people to employ in its company .
Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that they had better do some community work .
There was also a cup in it . It said " do n't give up on your dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
It was , of course , a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
After sixteen years of continuous work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create a group - working consensus , seriously .
The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different timeframes will be challenging .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
For example , I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher has explained in class , but just remember the facts .
In my area , young people have a lot of options .
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
In the following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
TV is dying .
In the first conical part , it is possible to feed in the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet will burn to generate the heat necessary to warm up the air .
The diagram shows the development from 1998 to 2014 .
I think that children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to work and do household tasks .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
He was getting more and more nervous as the time passed by .
You can do different sports in the pool , for example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
In the century of advancing communications and technology , it is hard to imagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
It 's what 's inside that counts .
There are many dogs who are more loyal and trustworthy than many people on the earth .
All the ingredients are very fresh and of the highest quality .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
All the best ,
That 's always important when you meet someone for the first time , but especially when you come to a job interview .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with brown trousers .
To conclude , we can establish a middle point .
He grabbed the phone to try to call his parents .
Over the past few years , the Internet has become an important part of our lives .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
It smelled terrific , and tasted so good .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I struggle to make ends meet .
Nature is also change , but in a cyclical direction , and with a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring website visitors to load heavy modules , and there are no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
" Welcome to your tombstone , hackers . "
Their opinions varied a bit here .
Power efficiency and linearity are important factors in many applications such as cellular communication , wireless communication .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially under - cooked fish .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest got jailed .
The reason is that , once we are free from our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
Well , I consider him as the meanest Dutch celebrity of this year .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shine into the darkness .
That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
his new book was all about Paris .
I like playing games and reading .
Had he seen it all ?
even though the place probably should belong to animals .
The words coming out of his mouth like a litany , almost mechanically , as he realized that there was no turning back .
I found myself teaching English in my country , far from the language competence I longed for .
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live keeps the city clean and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
Every Everyone was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the official language of the countries where friends and relatives are living .
People can also try canoeing at the local school or water skiing with a mechanical device that drags you across the water .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
I do n't do sport now .
For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
used in other times .
MY PARENTS AND I FEEL PROUD OF HIM .
Hence , every woman must be able to have an abortion as a choice .
According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all subjects , but it seems to emerge more genuinely when talking about the CLIL atmosphere .
" We are broke .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I was researching some definitions of cultural literacy .
This essay will examine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negative impacts in terms of the economic and social problems in agriculture .
Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .
In Occupying Wall Street , the US did not seem to be much more peaceful than the Tiananmen Massacre .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply has been a great help for your club this year .
He was well - off and funny .
In times of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement , velocity and strength .
I do also ski with my family and that is the best .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
They have cars , not like the cars people from 2014 were used to , but they still call them that .
In general , television is the most popular medium in Hong Kong .
However , we can already fight this - waiting for the development of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , taking advantage of public transport .
Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people .
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans for Warden Park .
I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
The guy who killed that boy really needed to have an INCENTIVE to kill him .
He uses a rule for debates : proposition + result = positive or negative ( Why ? )
Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
She felt somehow nervous . " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno , but ... I have a bad feeling about this . " But it was too late .
Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a few hours , because of the hot climate .
All members congratulated me , as well .
To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
But is it a good invention for the world ?
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
How to make a real mistake ?
However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loans , it is best for them to take a year off and work part - time in a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
We haven't talked for ages " .
I live in Taiwan , Taichung .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which is about how different machines work , which can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
It just depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
Maybe one day I will experience the glory that awaits in high places those who walk through the narrow paths of life .
To sum up , if you follow my advice , you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
He thought about how he could solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
Someone who knew too much maybe .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
It is a steampunk story and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is trying to stop an evil cult .
Energy which we get from sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money and I was really worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and , standing on a chair , put the object around his neck .
First of all , public transport brings us closer to other people .
For these reasons , I consider that doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in could be a good option .
The biggest worry for the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher , who will introduce you to tennis and you will learn the shots , including forehand , backhand , the smash and the service .
From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more so ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
It was very light and fluffy while still full of flavor !
In a natural work pattern , you have to do , like school , your tasks , but the communication is also an important part of it .
That week I felt happy and relaxed , but I was a little bit sad when we returned to Italy .
He found it strange because he always locked the door and the only people that had the keys were him and his father .
Together we make this world a better place .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
It is indisputable that advertising has become a permanent fixture in our daily lives .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all people can have a car , especially poor people in a developing country .
The event was held on the initiative of the Russian - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
Love is not all happy .
Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed this time as it made me feel as if I were part of their life and of the place .
They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will too .
However , this could cause a problem for humans and some people will face the threat of compulsory redundancies .
Each book can be used by more than one person .
Do n't you remember how you cheered me up when things could n't get any worse ?
How the town tries to keep the area clean
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it would be convenient to use them and to leave the car in the garage .
One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
The bad thing about it was that it took me a lot of time .
Nowadays , we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
The third very important thing is trust .
Mom and dad spend their life raising their children , feeding them , loving them !
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them . Also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
Now you know what sexual harassment is .
The aim of the report is to write about how our town takes care of the environment .
Also , there are the supermarket , bar and restaurants .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
They started to put small cones in a line with a bit of space in between .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Captain of the school soccer team .
My cousins are very reliable , like my grandmother and my parents .
In my opinion , it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and private cars will be left behind .
Public transport is really important and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
I was part of the team !
Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
These activities take place especially in spring and in autumn .
Disadvantages
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal private information at the same time .
There is a problem , though .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
A police officer 's car was zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
It 's the biggest hill , where you can go up the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment , but I suggest bringing something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
And public transport will be more important in a few years from now .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villages in the area .
She makes great food for us . I like to cook with her and eat from her hand .
It 's going to be amazing .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
After 10 times , I obtained results in my body : stretchy , sinewy and flexible .
Yes , of course , but only when you look at it as a way you want to learn something .
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
At least I had a stable job , a lover , family and friends .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Also , they have deadpan expressions .
All of us need air , water and food .
Our authorities now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
In increasing numbers , people are using public transportation and local communities are expanding public transport services .
As part of that job , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
Camille .
Its name is Santa Marta and it is near Trujillo .
I would like to work in your summer camp .
We can also help by paying for our tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businesses .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read in the book " And all for love " .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , which are very popular around the country .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
Maurizio
The selected college should be used to teaching these skills properly .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries and introducing them to our school .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science are more important than art and music .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
Kind regards ,
Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized in internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out in our sail boat .
I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
I had to find something to keep me going , to fulfill the missing part in me .
The widow woman , who was very nice , gave a present to Peter .
I usually help people when needed , I do n't like to be a bystander .
For instance , my town has a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
I really like this profession and how good it feels to spread science and knowledge to new generations .
They always buy talented players that will make the club improve tactically . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy players " , it 's not like they lack money .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
But it is your decision . These options are my advice .
In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses .
I have worked for a few different companies and associations in the past .
There are several supermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which are convenient shopping venues for people who live in the city centre .
Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
Michael tried the cream and thought that his mother would n't notice it if he ate another bit . '
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for improving our condition .
Enjoying the outdoors in my area
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
Also , I am available to work for long hours at weekends .
I 'm not good at playing it , and I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , a whistle or an electric baton , just in case .
There are many views about using the nuclear power .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently , but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
Both texts contribute different approaches to the music industry .
As a consequence , they forget their first language .
Dear Sir ,
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
Insights for future lessons :
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
My best friend is my sister .
Transport is very important in our lives , because we travel from place to place .
Hence , the above indicated details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative direction .
I had to work as a liaison with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies ) .
She was a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
The door bell rang .
Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
People from other parts of the world are also heading for the same dream .
However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
So many people around me think that spending community taxes on public transport makes no sense .
What I do n't understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
My opinion is , that famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency , which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
Our city is quite clean and habitable ; people are more careful than before .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
Joanna Little
Now the question is , whether it is really justified that branded products are much more expensive than no - name products .
I do n't want to look like a jerk , that 's not it .
He had a lot of animals : two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eight ducks and one cat , Lionel .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
The popularity of cars confirms it .
But it should not be forgotten , that parents have the most influence as they are models to follow .
I do n't feel comfortable on highways for many reasons .
We were going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape now .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage everywhere , and there is no a cycle which is intended to keep it .
It was fun because we learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and professional experience .
Some people may think it is a human right that we let people choose if they want to join the military .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
On the other hand , the city provides a punctual public transport system , which is very convenient .
I was really surprised .
So , as you asked me , I 'll propose an interesting place to visit where you could take a rest and relax .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
My favourite sport is different .
Mary J.
With best wishes
Since grandpa passed away I have started loving my grandma even more .
Thanks
For these reasons , I prefer the usual way to studying online .
Anyway , I 'm very happy to write for you .
I 'm excited about seeing you .
So , you can enjoy your time without money problems .
An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
As a new college subject
The cards included the programme of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world .
Manufacturing costs are not expensive and these pills do not expire .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
Discussing music styles , people in my country prefer pop and rock .
The city has its own public transportation system and waste management system .
Most teens tend to create their own unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
But they go fast .
That way , most of the trouble would be kept away from the internet while , at the same time , the internet users would still have the freedom to explore the web .
It is believed that every person sees the smile differently because of the changes in the lighting that Leonardo presented .
In addition , companies are used to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classes .
In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
Well , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natural History Museum , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
The diagrams show how bank notes are made .
Because my family always did everything for me when I lived with them , it 's very difficult to be independent .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
Take care
How are you ?
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
We have already done a lot , but we still need to do more .
But in truth there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more and more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seeking and family conciliation .
This is really my favourite sport .
programmes young people like to watch .
For instance , we could go swimming at the beach .
I 'm looking forward to people having more interest in this case .
As is well known , about 70 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water needs .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
On the other hand , I have been in search of a series which catches my attention and it took me a very long time until I finally put my finger on it .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
Will we be able to compress ducts manually ?
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim for ?
The process for making bank notes can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
In the same way , Australians have a different attitude to their education system .
Now it is the holidays and we need or we want to visit places around the country .
In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only two hours .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
Why ..... ?
I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
Last week , we went to Mount Fuji .
How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time downtown , to replace a car with a bus or an underground train .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of treatment is less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
A crazy idea came to his mind .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
From : ELiza Anna
Nowadays , people are really worried about their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people have lost their jobs and others are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
Hello Jo
There is a little truth and possibility in it .
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and the world .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
Hockey as a lifestyle
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
Visual advertising like painting , uses color , value , space and line .
Facilities
The other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest search engine ever created by human beings .
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
On the last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other . She gave me a present and asked me to keep it for her .
Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at the University of Groningen , and I would like to earn some money beforehand .
Andrei
She could distinctly hear his low , manly voice in her head .
Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities to do extra - curricular activities .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
Today 's television is really good .
Also , it helps you to release the daily stress and is a good motivator .
Now that is an interesting question . We can watch anything from news to Catfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
They have computers , smartphones , cleaning robots , fast food ...
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
By releasing all episodes at once , each user can watch each chapter at their own rate and speed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only one per week .
" Fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
I hope your friends will be satisfied with my tips .
When she got closer , he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
My favourite sport is walking .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
In conclusion , we should provide free books for our students .
In our current society , we can see it daily .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into a big village where everyone will be able to contact any person .
When he arrives she tells him about the occurrence .
Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the newest one was announced in the summer last year , which is when I was visiting London with my family .
It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
Some children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
The choice is obvious this time ...
Then he calmed down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
I really hope in this " hiatus " , this is what they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plastic bag filled with leftover food for Baxter .
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
Therefore , the product awareness driven by a radio advertisement is not enough .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality .
I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
I asked them the question : ' If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then buy it ? '
Yours faithfully
As a fan , supporting a team is just one part of the sport .
Little known is what the role played by music was in his life and what his relationship with it was prior to his first deed .
Tell me what you decide .
That 's the main reason I love them .
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
Society depends on them .
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Everyone is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll .
We also could go hiking in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
Just a few more days and then we will be on our way to our holiday destination .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
The tickets are too expensive .
Speaking about sport , I ca n't help talking about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sport .
Apart from keeping our city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green city .
I felt a deep sense of self - hatred and guilt !
Being a politician or a film star have something in common : those people are famous .
He still needs to find an ATM to withdraw some money to pay for his appointment .
What about your meals ?
The learning of our mother tongue is a long - term process that everyone has to be involved in .
Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable .
In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Special dramatic effects were added on stage .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
However , buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
There is a cashier next to the exit and you can pay by credit card or cash .
I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
You have comfort , you feel better .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction of the Giant Panda are real .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and we have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also my " best friend " .
Writing task : Informal letter
I would be interested in attending a course for one month , possibly in August .
Although Brazilians usually do not worry about distance made by others , people from different cultures believe that Brazilians spend a lot of time looking at others .
The movie was first released in 1982 and was directed by Ridley Scott , who was the director of Alien .
However , the latest studies show a car is not always more efficient .
The effect of the media on people is clearly noticeable here .
He had forgotten to go to his English classes .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right side one was for the military .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
Jorge
I am writing in response to your advertisement which was published in the local newspaper .
I would like to answer some questions from the guidelines on Moodle , to explain how this course helped me to improve my English .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm . When I was four , I moved to Danderyd .
She wondered who could have made such a pleasant surprise .
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
But this act was beyond question .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
I think is a better idea that people use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
I hope you will like it .
Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to understand the learning of NCS .
After we came to the ambulance , police , the police came and one patrol caught those men who did that to that granny and the other patrol talked to us .
I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are only able to sell .
I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell anyone just starting this sport to use their abilities and skills for the right things .
Each house in the city has two types of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separate .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for whole days .
This film is about the kidnapping of two little girls .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on his way .
Therefore , it has a safe place in our society .
I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a simple person , but I lived happily .
To : Sam
cellphone
Because of that , there are no regular employees , so at the beginning of every summer new season staff are hired .
Dear students ,
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
If you want to join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid ; the best team .
To overcome that , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
Should you need further information , do not hesitate to call me .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall , called Leo Center .
I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think that their recently earned certification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever they want .
This is a forest , crossed by the border between France and Switzerland .
When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome than ordinary shopping .
It 's on the second floor .
I 'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the Church choir .
First , should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
Yours faithfully ,
It 's a multimedia device so that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
All these benefits will surely contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give public transport a chance .
The reason is that in my city there are a lot of good shopping facilities for tourists .
I was very surprised to discover that many problems in quite an expensive model .
It is very nice that you remember me .
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
On the other hand , we can encounter different problems while travelling by car .
I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for .
The star I admire most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pelé , who is a former Brazilian football player and thought by many to be the finest player of all time .
After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Italian , half Spanish , seventeen - year - old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
Those films are really good . You have a drama , a romance , and a thriller ; those films are very entertaining .
Most consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
Once in the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
I come from Taoyuan Bade .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
However , for learning mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class and find some rules to solve questions . Instead of rote learning , they should remember different types of formulas by practicing a mass of examples .
The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
For the last few years , public transport has been forgotten .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
At that time , Kate was working in an international advertising agency .
Already , in only 20 years , a lot of things have changed because of the technology .
There was no other option , he went to the garage and got into the car .
I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they do n't all live in the same house ) .
Doubts began to creep in , " Would God show his mercy ? " .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
There are n't other options .
Last night , I went to a restaurant with my family .
As they support each other through their hardships , love grows .
Two to three jogs in a week is the norm for beginners .
She knew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait .
They each have something to offer and are unique in every way .
I went to several places during the holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
Now I need it again .
It was by that that her sister was scared and woken up ...
He felt he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
We 're going to have a great time together !
Pontevedra on its way to becoming a green town .
Once he had woken up , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using a television .
In this essay we are talking above all about rich people .
3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
He fired his wife after insulting her .
However , I strongly recommend going to see this play because it has a great appeal for both adults and children .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strains of AIDS do exist .
Sport increases our physical performance .
As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but think of you as if you were my son .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
I 'm sure I 'll have made many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
Watching the daily news on television enlightens us about what 's happening around the world .
I read your email yesterday but I have n't had the time to reply until now .
We decided to go to talk with him .
On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
It was late at night and Michael went surrounded with deep darkness to the edge of the forest .
It all depends on the type of person buying them , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
But a month ago , my mobile phone started to ring .
At the moment he is doing three A levels at Camden College .
I would like to be like her .
Waiting for your response and help on the day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too small .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
We might live better lives in the future .
It was the best day of my life .
He is the most important thing to me .
There is no future for public transport because the car has made life so easy .
I started this sport when I was 11 years old . My dad let me go boxing and I started that sport .
There is , therefore , a clear need for young people to prefer active and educational leisure time activities to passive ones .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
All people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
Public institutions should encourage the use of public transport , especially trains as they use electricity and are less polluting than other means of transport .
Besides we all have our close calls in life in one way or another .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help with reforestation .
As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
Dear Sirs / Madams
Her mind wandered to the first moment she laid eyes on beautiful Danny .
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive at the mall .
Even so , there 's a sentence that could confuse anyone .
How can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and tie with my beautiful wife ?
We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour in and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
I was hoping that my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Give my regards to your parents !
When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in the royal gardens .
One can see these ideas in popular media every day .
If you have experience of cooking , you will be the right person for this job .
Second , learning ideas and concepts supports self - education significantly .
We planted trees near the side of highways , unused land , and outside of the city .
In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
But you could be lucky , because the summer is very near and the work increases .
Sport is very important for everyone .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people to have freedom of choice about military service .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
I 'm a teenager and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her curse .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out of his head .
My favourite sport is swimming . I can only practise it in my free time , as school keeps me very busy .
Should you have further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any time .
I enjoy watching people and children having fun .
I think everyone should have a private life .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone age .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit the whole class , professionally named the meeting table .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading the newspapers , the weather forecast , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
Advertising shares similarities with art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novels , dictionaries , etc .
We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
And they need someone to help them and guide them through it all .
He sighed as he sat down on the big empty couch and remembered all the memories he shared with Marianne .
Since most of these public transport amenities have been remedial rather than something planned when foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
The worst thing was finding that out at the airport .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinkers , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
It is more than thousands of miles long .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy mode of transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunities to get there if you have studied abroad .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have caused it .
Also , I can play several musical instruments , such as : violin , guitar , drums and tambourine .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
For example , lots of bicycles .
I think I have the appropriate background , my GPA is good enough .
Although there are many people and animals that are suffering from these problems , I do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating the faces and posing as gods " .
This year is the last one before going to university .
Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
Ms Magpie
Dear teacher ,
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
She lost her job when the war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
What are you doing ?
Dear Ms Leung ,
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Do you have a best friend in your life ?
I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
This story continues until the end of the soap opera , when Ross and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
It 's about the tragic fate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break before university , the routine of working and studying every day could break .
On the other hand , technology makes our life easier .
Businesses want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that , so they are hands on the task .
A second later , a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
Sometimes , it 's better to visit some small shops than big centres .
My bedroom is light and modern .
The way of living changes every day : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' lives , we notice many differences .
It is a battle where you can count only on yourself .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all fours !
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , she looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " world .
Public transport is a good way to travel from one place to another place .
Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
It is related to the environmental issues .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but that 's life .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
The week has passed , so we are at the end of this adventure course .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
I am 44 , of Austrian nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Advanced certificate since last summer .
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and am interested in the job .
I am 17 years old .
Dear Mrs Asbhy ,
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
It 's very good .
Online learning has become a modern phenomenon in order to gain knowledge ; however , face - to - face learning is still the better learning option chosen by students .
People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs , when we feel bored and gaze at the wall all day .
In my opinion , this gives a good example of the involvement of the local government .
This said , you can imagine the atmosphere is comfortably airy .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things that are not too important .
And if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
I do n't make sure this affirmation .
If one has sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep one fresh .
The Google agency invites a lot of people and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Also , last summer I went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
This diagram illustrates the complete process of note - making .
Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budget we had .
First of all , they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
He mentioned an important point of doing good research .
Then he worked all night to finish the next month .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
I walked forwards and stared at the shopkeeper .
At this point , they first cut the sheets into separate bank notes . Second , they pack the sheets and dispatch them .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Yesterday morning , a group of American tourists went for a bike ride through the center of Buenos Aires City .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
This kind of sport is getting more and more popular all over the world .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
time , then I suggest some other style . It has to be comfortable but
Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
Sadly , things do n't always work out the way we expect .
You can learn with your referee and with a coach .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
I hope I 've helped you !
Many people have breakfast in a bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
She went for her last journey .
Your friend
They told her that her brother had had a car accident . First of all , she was shocked ,
My personal relationship with my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
Adolescence .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .
He invested in our education and today he has a lot of admiration for our lives and our decisions .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
.
Alison felt fear , her heart was beating and she started to run .
Their screen has colours and HD .
The summer holiday was quite long ; nearly two months .
I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a great member of the crew and I hope you will consider my application favorably .
Friends are important and make your life happier .
It depends on the person how often he goes to buy groceries , probably according to individual needs .
Of course , it is not a solution for long distances , but step by step , the traffic problems will improve .
After 6 months , I could swim well until now .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in a Joint College Entrance Examination .
One of the downsides is that you are not able to get away from your bully .
When he stole the painting he wrote a note saying : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal the painting .
So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college which is not too expensive .
In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
Unfortunately , this is the sad reality .
Will our houses look so terrible in 40 years ?
There is only one auditorium , so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minute break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just now in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
When you read a book you ca n't stop reading it .
The health of teenagers : a latent problem
Instead , once I applied to the program , the application for which was probably computer generated , I assume my info was processed by a computer .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
It means that tourists and the people of the town have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
He aroused my own enslaved desires .
Finally , the government usually encourages on the radio , television etc .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
On the one hand , I personally think that the desire to become famous is a great driving force that stimulates people and brings a lot of benefits to others in its wake .
I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the stairs .
This can be seen as loving worry about someone but also as a sign of distrust .
Oh , if you only knew - that present made my day !
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
Should smoking be banned ?
The shot clock is a timer that dictates the amount of time during which one team can keep possession of the ball .
But let me tell you it was a concert by the Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
Computers have made our lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bad effects .
Buses are common in the city .
But it can also be really relaxing and pleasant .
The forest brings us fresh air , but if there are no trees , what will happen ?
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
After studying art in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator and artistic director in London .
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
Before he could notice , the cream was all gone .
Sadly our car broke down ... at a big and busy intersection !
The amount of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to anything else .
My parents always support me playing what I like and
When it 's good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
This causes young people to ignore the advice .
Normally , this food is made when people did in the past , although the best street market is in the west of the city .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
These tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
My name is Andreia . I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
She had evaded the police before that , but she did n't have anything in the car .
During the first months , the relationship between a mother and a child develops rapidly .
MORE THAN KEEP FIT !
My sister fell off her bike and hurt her wrist .
Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen , where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
When was this seed planted in my wife 's brain to have a date night with me all dressed up and formal ?
By the way , on that day everybody was celebrating the Day of the City .
She had run out of words and just nodded her head , which means : " yes " .
In your article you write about an education center with assistance for new franchisees .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product in any way .
The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
I wrote main because back then Turkish men were allowed to have harems .
Shopping with women is nightmarish .
Also , they obey the rules and regulations of the city authorities .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to study in their own country or go abroad to learn English .
For example , my friend , Jane , tells lots of jokes to make us laugh out loud .
We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
We like the sea very much , so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia .
Two movies .
Dear camp director ,
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entertained .
Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
Patrycja .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
Hongdae has many kinds of places like this , but you will be concerned about drunk people late at night .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , especially if you take into account the economic aspects .
That means coastal cities will be flooded .
Since then , we have been in touch and now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Computers and Information Faculty
The first spring birds have come back from the warm countries .
First of all , I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
As far as I am concerned , there are a number of reasons to support my view .
Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school , high school or to university .
Well , there are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to helping support life , as when meals are delivered to housebound people .
Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
Conclusion
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for a long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
Yours faithfully
Consequently , people prefer to travel in their own car .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
My scientific work has been published in seven scientific articles .
Here is a description of my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were scratches on the back .
Kind regards ,
The guys were really nice !
It has three bedrooms , and it has two living rooms .
Spend less time to pass .
Be confident
Leia is 6.5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
I saw dive - buddies and even professional dive masters pushing and encouraging novice divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
You do n't have to tolerate being in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide it .
Mr Keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commission home , is an old - age pensioner with no children .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win , whatever it takes .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
In my opinion , journalists and other people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
Riding a bicycle is also a kind of eco - friendly mode of transportation .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
This is interesting because people practise solidarity .
And if you do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts and sustained practices that are going to make you really fit .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
Ibrahim Guirguis
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary quiet village .
After that , Steve becomes an America captain to protect the world again .
Frustrated , Laura accepted her new life of solitude outside of the secret society of others .
Indiana Jones
That moment changed my life a bit because I 've started to write more and more stories .
Apart from this problem , we have another problem that is important too .
Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean , for example , requires an airplane or a ship .
Pollution is a big problem for us and the planet .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have seen each other . Why do n't we go to the cinema ?
We can help our environment to be healthier !
- I must find her before he does .
Warm regards
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center of the city which is surrounded by a park .
For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
Subject : An important thing to do !
Hello Maria ,
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
It was six o'clock and he had to hurry if he did not want to get to school late .
My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
I think this problem is typical for almost all countries .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers ' supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
After Moscow , you can visit the towns of the Gold Ring .
He had n't seen her when he had gone into the room .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words .
We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
Modern TV is worth every pound
In particular , I like karate and Kung - fu .
You should control your body very well if you wish to skate gracefully .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
Nowadays , people have a stressful life , so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
Will it change our society ?
It is a very beautiful T - shirt because I like the colour and the pattern .
But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel for what they did during those hard times .
There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
There are two choices to travel : in your own car and by public transport .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
Taking everything into account , in my opinion , every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
Unsure of what to do , she chases a rabbit in a blue waistcoat , and accidentally falls into a large rabbit hole from which she emerges in a forest , where she is greeted by many strange creatures .
Like the title says , the story takes place in medieval Turkey .
It is true in many cases , as public modes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific routes and stops .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had got .
Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
Luckily , we are in touch .
I think it 's a good idea if you buy some equipment for football and practise with your friends before matches at home or in the playground for two or three days .
It could be painted with new colours .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world famous author .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary , good students can help their classmates to improve themselves .
But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened for years .
If it 's good , they go to packing and distribution , whereas the others should be destroyed as well .
Write soon ,
She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them were similar .
The purpose of this proposal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
CONCLUSION
Based on examining my current experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning , is the root cause of these problems .
First of all , the reading passage says that the internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will soon be depleted , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
Thank you !
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
As we know , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just torture .
Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever we needed .
You will notice how the improvements come without thinking too much .
On weekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usually consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. At the weekend , we tend to sleep in and , therefore , take our breakfast a bit later .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
Dissatisfaction with the school equipment is occasionally expressed by the students .
There are a number of reasons .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .
One should n't forget that using public transport helps to save money .
Pain and Gain
At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had brought a video camera .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
This includes some of the most important steps .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , and one of the main reasons for this is that they have not got their own car .
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
( In those times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
Needless to say , I was sidelined for the rest of the season , but this actually helped me realize that , since you never know when your last game will be , you should try your hardest in football and life .
Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
I am so far from home .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
They spent five centuries here .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I wanted as a reward .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other while traveling , but only several days are not enough and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
If you have days off , I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
I strongly agree with the statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The amount of talking done by the students was more than pleasing .
I 'm not a sportsman . I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is running .
The European Union was created and is meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .
They do n't spend money on a good container .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will create less air pollution .
But there was only one person who knew what and where that explosion had occurred .
If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
I tried swimming , and I found that so boring .
We exchanged addresses and as time went on we became good friends .
What about Saturday mornings ?
Therefore , Taiwan could not be sunk like Greece .
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland , especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
When I was child I lived in Tijuana .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre , so you do n't have to go far away .
But the most famous dish uses cod .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day at work .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
We had been told earlier that Abul kaka had got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the office . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
The whole plot takes place in the area called Downton , the castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his family and the service staff .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too much time looking for a bus which will go specifically to our destination .
Objections
So , whether you take a year off or not , my point is that you should n't be wasting your time .
In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
I think that problem should be addressed .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
It might be the more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential in any place .
DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
An example could be medieval art .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's happening in the world .
They grabbed the body and soaked it in fuel .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example , when I 'm sick ) . Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank , with excellent results .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
My favorite movie is " The fault in our Stars " , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing my country 's welfare .
In the last edition of Pur Plus , there was an important discussion about the next plan for cities .
Everyone likes something more or less , even when it comes to little things .
A trip is an adventure and the ways you can travel are a big part of it .
It has already had a great impact on people 's lives .
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to university .
Peter Hansen
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonade is the ultimate experience .
I needed to survive in light of the fact that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safety .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
I think you should take a break .
I say to people that want to try this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
Communications - it eases movement from place to place
In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
If you ask me , who the person is who I admire the most ,
The plane is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
So it might cause some injuries .
Perhaps they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
We can define it by a list of the TOP music chart on music channels .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become drier and have insufficient precipitation , which may make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
First , you have to study hard every single day at high school .
You do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
If you haven't seen it already , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will make you laugh out loud but also along the way you 'll find yourself covered in tears , I guarantee .
The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag . They were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave . In that way , their friends would find him buried . But they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands to a chair . It was exactly the same thing he had dreamed about .
I think it 's a great job for me .
But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure points and routes .
You can go out of your house and take your car and leave for your job and park very close .
It was just a matter of balance .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
Have you thought about learning English on the internet ?
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
Yours sincerely
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurricane .
It is based on Dr. Gregory House , a reputable diagnostician who uses strange and sometimes inappropriate approaches in order to find out what is wrong with his patients .
Firstly , organizing collecting garbage . for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
Do you know about mountain biking ?
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology has the potential to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in the process of doing that , benefit the whole world .
So , I have yet to submit myself to some serious criticism ( well , calling my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to place my written works ( however small and few they may be)for qualitative discussion in front of people who really can identify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
It 's a fact that tobacco has been used as a light drug for centuries by people of different nationalities .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why do n't we use it more ?
Apart from the above - mentioned points , there may be so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
Liza
They are conserving rain water using a rain water harvesting process .
Michael 's face was awfully red .
In reference to the speech date , the best would be June 12 , in the evening , when all the members will have finished their classes at school .
I hunt with my dad and my stepdad . We hunt all different animals .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently involved in the learning - teaching process .
We went to Long Island because he lives there .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
It 's important if we want to know news about our country or world news .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time , because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Why have I killed him ?
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
The professor says that the claim is untrue , because the material from which the cells are produced is very expensive .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether I can do my A -level at the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what I really want .
I think this way can help them with adapting to society early .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgrandma , but she is like my grandma .
Another point is that we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable . I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
As unbelievable as it seems , it had been a gate of time .
After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same error message .
When we arrived at the police station , I met an officer called Michael .
I must confess I feel like I am cheating .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
You drive the route you want .
These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
I was ready and raring to go .....
CONCLUSION
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn about the culture of the city you are visiting .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea to go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot and discover new places .
So this helps ensure that the children can play in a much cleaner park .
Without doubt , I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
It helps you not to waste your time .
I love this place so much !
That is why I was very surprised .
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the whole world , so we can get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
How can I force my kids to do their homework ?
Introduction
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
" So , John ! How is it going ?
I want to grow .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of public transport .
it 's a team sport .
Family is any group of people closely related by blood .
My grandfather had to work hard to support his children through additional jobs .
And last but no least , I am an excellent cook .
Currently , each class is given to 50 students which limits their opportunities to experience one - on - one activities that enhance their learning process .
This restaurant is excellent !
I encountered small problems during the concert , but we fixed them very easily thanks to the team with whom I worked .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
Current advertising strategy
I read quite a lot and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
The entertainment section stays open after the mall closes .
Hi Isabel ,
He is , for me and many people , an excellent actor because his personality is extroverted .
They are full of cars each and every day .
Should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
Will we even go out on the street ?
Otherwise , the sheets and notes will be abandoned and destroyed in a fire .
Nowadays , using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
I just had to make sure nobody was hungry or thirsty .
I love his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .
If you have a car , you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do n't have a car , so they are used to going by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more convenient , because they have done it since they were children .
The most important step is inspection . The printed sheets should be manually inspected .
Monica
Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , who even brought some of their stallions to help us remove the earth and the stones ; and the slim guy who lived in the farm in the northern hills of the valley and whose name nobody knew .
First , it was almost impossible to enforce it .
However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Have you ever been worried that you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
The best season to sell ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst seasons for the indoor swimming pool .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way . I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
I screamed and it started to bleed really heavily .
It all started at the Parson Institute in the art history class . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to his students , saying :
You mentioned in your email that you would have travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not for the format of the release letter .
As for my city , the mayor gives the environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
Teenagers , however , use this technology in a way that could be dangerous .
Report :
People do n't need to wait for public transport if they are driving their own cars .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in today 's edition of " The China News " to apply for the position of Club Organizer .
Then , it seems that these statues might lose their spirits only when they get our gaze .
When your body takes in an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
Because the young frogs look alike , it is possible that the volunteers will kill frogs other than cane toads .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , but not a lot .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
They did it freely .
I would recommend them to always remember that , so if things do n't turn out as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
This is a pretty compact machine , but it 's not very efficient or very clean .
Jenny Wang
The old man became very excited and happy .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has automatic doors for entry and exit .
Nevertheless , the sports store is a little expensive .
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
You should be able to have a great experience .
Sometimes , in everyday life , they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon meeting their first obstacle .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decor and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
One day , he fell in love with one of his female customers .
Famous people definitely deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Greetings ,
Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
When I first introduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
If one scientist does not make a discovery , then another one will .
When I was there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife attends the SPCC monthly book club .
They can do nothing that ca n't be gossiped about .
Thanks for your email .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
Ettore .
Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a ban on driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as the king of my system , who controls the whole of my day .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museums in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flight to Beijing where the museum locates .
In summary , I think public transport is a good way to get around and the number of users is increasing every day .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
Write to me soon
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
Before the production , they have to think about the design , including background color , artwork and codes which make them different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
Michael got away from there .
I was so surprised to hear you signed up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in the near future .
Mechanical problems can often be costly problems .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
It is the Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
After that , we went to our favorite art - cafe .
It is too early , is n't it ?
The next step is the most important and it involves inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
I realised it is not worth it .
The staff is so good , they are really helpful and they are always looking to see if you 've finished to take the dirty dishes away .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
Next , a boat is usually very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost every country of the world .
It would be great !
Many jobs have been lost due to the fact that computers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humans .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
So this is my week .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
The constant grumbling , regular checking of the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth could it create favourable conditions for shopping ? !
Teach us how to love .
In the night , I saw a shadow entering the house .
I apply recent print - culture and book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist for some time .
First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the rush of adrenalin .
www.monroetraining.com
This may cause people to get to their particular destination late .
After the Doctor 's warning , we may not turn our backs , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our quality of life .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
Examining teens ' identity construction on social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " , that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " , that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
My name is Jonny .
When it was already 10 pm , suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
Technology has good thing and bad sides .
For example , the purpose of both is to induce awe and they both employ the concepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
This sentence and some others sound like they were spoken by a man …
However , the structure has been kept so that visitors can enjoy this popular architectural jewel .
He likes watching it .
Cars are improving , becoming safer and more environmentally friendly .
Dear Jo ,
In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House .
First , soccer is a very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an international standard qualification .
If those who run public transportation systems hope to make them greener in the future , they 'll have to come up with solutions that are both energy efficient and effective .
It is restrict to argue .
When somebody travels , that person wants never to forget the place he has visited .
The second kind is team sports .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you can rely on , despite the fact that it 's not always true .
Moreover , our capacity for learning more languages seems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , while there are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
One summer tomorrow , his sister woke up very early .
I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
However , flowers were n't enough , so he decided to think of something else .
A group of fishermen began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they could take their fish .
Yours Sincerely
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
Michael was petrified .
I think I did my best .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " , which was about a hundred dollars .
I think there is a role for both modes of transport after taking into account all of the above reasons .
Using the internet in the wrong way may affect their studies and health as well .
They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Have you read any sports magazines before ?
I have attached my curriculum vitae and the two requested sample publications .
What is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on others .
A few examples are : from my point of view and it seems to me .
In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during the summertime .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
In order for enjoyment to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
Tagline
To whom it may concern ,
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons , I prefer to eat at home .
Besides their past , we can , fortunately , adore their beauty .
If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
Dear Mrs. Tejada
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
The boy 's acting is really something , such a thing that his acting earned him a nomination for the Academy Awards .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
On the other hand , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus offering local food .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much that they like to watch .
Also , our water has one of the best purification methods . After we use it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
It is very common that the bad economy of some countries forces their people to emigrate to another country .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
But as with car development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
In Dickens ' novels , Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
They were spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phone or by car .
After school , my friends and I go to a park to play soccer . We play for two hours .
It is concluded that these kinds of developments will be put into action for all schools shortly .
It suddenly fell apart , and all the beads dropped on the floor .
As for public transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destination ,
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
Hi Harry
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
In the evenings , we played special games which we usually had not played before .
We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece , like Santorini , Athens and many others .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused by the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
There are also supermarkets in each shopping mall , where you can buy food and beverages as well as housekeeping items .
I especially like to have a first class seat on a plane .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
My advice to anyone who wants to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
I have the pleasure of giving this essay to Ms .
I ca n't bear even a second of our awkward silences .
In the early days of public transport , people only stuck to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
However , walking distances in the hotel are way too far for families with young children .
There is also a film based on the book .
I am writing this letter to complain about the CPU that I bought last week .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they only gave us a week free .
so it will come as no surprise that my favourite sport is football .
We are finally together .
So , he is thoughtful .
He decided to go and have dinner at a restaurant which was very near his office .
Actually , there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sport for me is football .
They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all . It was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .
There are so many educational programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
I believe I possess enough professional expertise to do the job successfully .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Every year , thousands of cars are sold and the demand is growing .
I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
Consequently , the streets are always dirty .
I am writing to inform you that the package holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
See you next weekend !
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact that it is believed that file sharing is detrimental to the music industry .
Once every year , I ski with my ski club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my batteries .
When I was 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Wondering what he might be doing , Michael shouted :
Secondly , I debated with young people about the television programmes that are watched currently .
Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked about current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
A girl was walking home one day .
Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tone .
As you know , I just moved to a new town .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
I asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
If you need more information , please tell me .
Yours faithfully .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
I am sure that you will find Brazil a perfect fit .
Terrorism is everywhere .
My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
For all these reasons , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
After the second false start you 'll be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
While most people stayed at home next to the fireplace , I was on the point of changing my life .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
In the past , people had to manage their time so they could go to work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
I 've got one brother , Francis .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
Buses are very crowded .
Houses will continue to be divided into rooms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's uncomfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination .
Enric E.
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
These waste materials are processed in an environmentally friendly way .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure time .
I am looking forward to seeing you in my country .
Chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and getting to know new aspects of life .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use for these activities .
You can enjoy your time here .
it 's great to hear from you .
My favourite places to visit are in the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
Other residential areas , using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , have numerous green spaces .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I had the pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
It would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
The Online visiting is a good point in this case .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more organized person .
The text discusses the idea of how advanced communication technologies give us the advantage of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons to support this .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
Kisses ,
In addition , they always supply us with a lot of food so that we wo n't be hungry .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit .
They usually hope that their children will get the highest scores in school .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
Most people prefer a car rather than public transport .
Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere that it does n't pass through .
Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
Maria
It was a narrow street lined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of which shops and pubs were flashing their neon signs .
This is so sad !
He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family directly and it was also not an easy task .
Mich
On a nice day , my older brother surprised me .
There are many kinds of cafes , ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe you have a sleep disorder .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separately .
According to Russell and Norwing , robots are special machines that have intelligence to carry out activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions regarding the Club 's new facilities .
In the future , I hope to live in a clean town and I 'm sure that most people are now thinking this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody likes to live in a dump .
It seems to me that the following definitions show an overall context of what cultural literacy is .
This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
Dear Camp Director ,
Status : Popular
The Alhambra : A paradise within your reach .
I clearly remember bringing milk and bread over from Heathrow on Sunday mornings !
Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
I am 29 years old , and originally from Brazil .
What people do with their rubbish
All of the messages include the girls ' secrets only Allison knew .
In my opinion , public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to get around and cheaper , too .
Lastly , adults can set an example for younger people .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
I hope you 'll answer me soon .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
Purpose
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
However , the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
In fact , although they are famous , they are people too , which means that they should be free to do whatever they like in their free time .
Suddenly , a giant fish fell from the sky , causing him to spit out the hairball . Jack could not believe what he saw . The man riding the fish was Bugs Bunny !
I think the Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful places in Poland .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to do for non - professionals in case of emergency .
1 . Shopping cheaply .
This is an additional important step .
Humans are the best ! ! ! !
Then the hurricane came and all the people were scared because they did n't know what they were going to do .
Reasons for putting on a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
The tables have a grill where the chef does his magic .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons . Firstly , it offers a traditional menu which will be sure to cover all different tastes .
They have replaced many things , like books .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
She must be irrational .
Your car is so good , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city it is .
Michael was a very intelligent boy .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in early infancy , as though this capability could be a celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prodigy .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
As a main dish you can choose anything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
Silvana .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .
One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my town about their ways of taking
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
If people recycled , rubbish would be given a second use , and rubbish dumps would be shrunk .
Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern - day life .
Also , teachers could replace their methodologies following the best ones and the ones which contribute to having qualified students trained to face everyday life situations .
We consult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratings and we increasingly forget to care about simple things .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your ability , so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
As in Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
So would you please reserve a room for me where no animals have lived before ?
Nevertheless , I believe that technology will make progress in the future .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
The train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arriving in Milan central station .
Do n't forget the cost .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , is done for enjoyable purposes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a terrible mistake .
I sold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helped take care of security .
Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
When we arrived , we saw the old house where Michael lived .
To whom it may concern
Dear Jo
To sum up , travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town , but when you have to travel outside your specific territory , nothing is better than a car .
What strikes me more is that , despite the fact that it 's set on the eve of the II world war , the film is n't really about the holocaust but is a bittersweet fable about human courage , love and hope .
First , I would like to write about benefits .
However , that being said , in my opinion , there is still a future for public transport .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
The Ten Commandments provide Israel with the moral framework for maintaining it .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway , because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
I would define it as an action movie .
But let me tell you this , you 're an amazing person and I totally think that you can handle this and even more .
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
It is very important opportunities in our country .
Later , when they were sure that there was no one near , they burned the car .
Everyone in the house was so excited about it , but not Michael .
I am sure you have .
Egypt .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Later on , Scout begins to understand , not least because of her father and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
Hello Luis Blanco ,
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
The Gambia is well known to adventurers and tourists .
he said to himself as he whimpered .
I 'm interested in doing a course at your school .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
Together with an unofficial Student Council , we created a petition which is to raise the issue with the teaching council .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone , which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
You have to look for a shop to turn your money into coins .
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
There is also a cafe which serves traditional Silesian cuisine .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
I do n't recommend it to children under thirteen years old ,
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail , everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Secondly , the classroom method is the one with which most students ( especially if they are older ) are familiar .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others " .
Of course , we do n't have 2 million balls for each student . No , we share with each other .
They are doctors at a serious hospital .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they were built . It was a great job by the Egyptians .
And advertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to put less effort into their jobs .
Some of them are pretty similar to those we had in the past ; others are completely different and very interesting to explore .
Feurer 's campaign for Kenzo was one of the most popular and it defined him as a successful photographer .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
The Visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know their grandchildren for the first time .
You should know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
Brandon Mackie
She was going to the national championships in swimming and she had been preparing since last summer .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car and pay for its maintenance costs and fuel .
She was with her mum . .
However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
All in all , as we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages to considering the members of your family your best friends .
He performs in many interesting movies and operas .
The majority of the male and female respondents enjoy going to nightclubs in their spare time .
Moreover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into the air , which mix with the water in the clouds , and the polluted rain , which later falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
But they are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
I am an English teacher now .
Although I knew that there was some conflict between England and Scotland , the vote really shocked me .
Various contents could have an educative value . For example , those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have ever experienced .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
She opened her sleepy eyes , smiled gently and got up from her bed idly .
It contains about 60 shops .
My favourite kinds are comedies , detective stories and love stories .
The Maze Runner
We were really afraid . '
I helped with catering for the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
Michael asked me where I had been at the time of the crime and I told him that I had been at home having a rest with a friend who could bear out the alibi .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo goes on and he calls it the best century of his life .
In addition , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
Please record your message and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th evening .
In big cities , people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
The teacher says that Michael is gifted and talented .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times , respectively , in 1995 .
Hi Jennie ,
We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
The other girls left earlier because they were preparing something special for her .
Do you get along with your boss ?
To support my argument , I would like to tell you what happened in my country when such a ban was introduced .
There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
She never just shuts one door , but she also opens another one .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , where a lot of us stayed in the hotel that night .
It is a popular place .
My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
Another shopping option is the main street in the centre of Viña del Mar , which used to be more popular in the past , but which was displaced by the shopping centres .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for my studies .
Through this , many people would have access to mobile banking and , in addition to that , it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
Nevertheless , it is distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks outside of the box .
However , ideas and concepts give people a competitive edge when dealing with other similar issues .
Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
On the other hand , this does not bring very many employment opportunities .
But , in my opinion , this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
Additionally , climate change related to natural disasters also causes famine , which has caused deaths and forced people as well as animals to leave their homes . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , without finding out information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
The film is set in France in the nineteenth century .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country . In this case , your knowledge will be reinforced by your stay there .
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
Ultimately , teachers may have different values from those of the parents .
I love to run because I think it is good for my mental and physical health .
Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought to where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he lay on the floor and looked at the boy .
It 's a very worthwhile job .
Hi Jo ,
Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my career by mastering the legal responses to the developments shaping international trade today .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
It is in the south of Spain , where the weather is warm .
Sincerely ,
Therefore , advertising successfully combines other types of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
There are some that do not need too much energy and strengths , such as Thai chi , and others that need more , like Karate , Judo , and so .
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
Please , write me a list with the words that I need for technical conversation .
The instructor dropped me back at the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
I am used to organising sporting events and fun activities for children and teenagers aged 6 - 19 .
In Colombia , some people have a high opinion of education , but there are some others that have a very low opinion .
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can buy local food and handmade products .
In some places , you will have difficulty finding it .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious schools in the Philippines .
Do we know the real meaning of the word bullying ?
Furthermore , teenagers have changed their lifestyles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all day long instead of doing sports .
The World Cup is a world famous festival .
The living room shares an area with the dining room .
My last , but not least , piece of advice is about the gym .
People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
How was your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it was loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
I look forward to hearing from you
If the sheet is bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
Someone would write something short and simple like " Keep smiling " or " You 're beautiful " and leave the note on the mirror right behind the front door .
We picked up our things and started to walk .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your home on Friday evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
I was glad to hear from you .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
That day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
That does n't seem too far , but when you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
In contrast , I 'm just getting used to looking things up every day on my computer .
Public Transport
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China . However , Australian rules specify that citizens drive on the left of the road .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on well with kids .
However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
He rasped and crossed his arms .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smiling at the news of his colleagues ' and friends ' marriages .
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
I particularly decided to drive to do my day - to - day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy for her .
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed of : Cornwall .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for the metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
I had to wait in the airport !
Cooking has always been one of my favourite hobbies , and for this reason , I also would like to help in the kitchen activities .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and , of course , our health .
In the past , it was the norm for people to live in a limited geographical area all their lives and be involved in the same type of occupation all their working lives .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources describing what research means .
With this storm the waters churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
I would love to be the person to organise and do all kinds of activities .
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
They wo n't last forever and this will increase the use of nuclear energy .
In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus than to use your own car .
Although they look bigger or more attractive , genetically modified food products are unhealthy for people .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want to go where everybody goes .
However , public transport use can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures and environmental issues .
With reference to your e - mail , we discovered that the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
You may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
I can give advice to people who are interested in playing cricket . They must know all the rules of cricket before playing it .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
Hello friend ,
After all those letters we have sent each other , now we can meet for real .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
It can enhance its creditability as the audience can clearly know what its service is .
Furthermore , the environment will suffer the terrible effects of our current lifestyle .
There are two opposing opinions about military service .
Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supporters consider terminating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Dear Jo ,
Hello ,
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because it 's a lot of fun .
I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
It is known that in the future there will come a day when any kind of unrenewable resource will run out .
As requested , this is a report concerning the environmental conditions in my town .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please , keep the secret .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of the possibilities in the future .
In my view , the reason for having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
There are a lot of recycling points for plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
It gives me a lot of positive energy and fun .
In most Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , not only keep the region in touch with its heritage , but they have become the sole source of income for many communities .
Then , strangely , blinking becomes a conscious behaviour .
If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people need to do military service to develop into a powerful country .
They are located close to the local art gallery which takes about 15 minutes to go to on foot .
Mariusz Kaczorowski
The new group worked very well together , but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign languages at primary school brings countless benefits for children .
This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
He was fed up with all this profanity .
We also like hiking and are planning on doing that a couple of times per week .
In the case of Internet learning , we can set one 's own hours of learning .
When I was younger , I went to summer camp in France . Consequently , I know which activities I can propose to children .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards filled with parked cars .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
Dear Jane ,
There was no way to shine a different light on that fact .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their roles very convincingly .
The good things about not allowing cars in city centres are that the traffic will be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
Pollution has a negative effect on the environment . I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as well as respected by teachers and students because of her warmth and kindness .
First of all , public transport provides the experience of the journey .
The mountain was half - melted with a glacier on top .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant activity , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single - sex school or a mixed - sex one .
For example , the restaurant business and the technology industry are totally different in Taiwan .
We do it for hygiene !
What I particularly appreciated was that you can sit around the chefs and watch them prepare the food .
There he meets a girl .
My personal opinion is this it is not sufficient to cover the education process .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
Nowadays , he treats me as botheration .
Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
Best wishes ,
Finally , you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
I also forgot to set the time for the activity .
I found that the class challenged the student who had the answers , if they had written down something different .
I take care of them and it makes me feel like a useful person .
There should be a ban on cars .
It is never too late to start .
Also , the possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
Each sheet contains 50 bank notes .
A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
In my opinion , this sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to setting up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
The next few days I did n't do much .
In that way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience .
really enjoy .
Therefore , it all comes down in this essay to expressing feelings about Seville and its surroundings .
In an English - speaking country , every day you learn to live .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
You can see the history of the Reconquets in its walls and towers .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
When the exam was finished , he went out of the room where the competition had been held .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
When my work there came to an end , I was happy , but on the other hand , I felt some kind of sadness too .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise it , so people will be motivated to travel on it .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that they can eat too .
Anyway , we will make mistakes if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
It 's hard to imagine what they went through during the civil rights movement .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interested in .
I was stunned by her words and became speechless for a moment .
I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sing .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
In my town , for example , I have waited for up to forty minutes before I could get a bus .
If you require any further details or references , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Although there are many differences between these two , similarities can be found as well .
In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
It is evident that those types of acting are different and the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
The plot is well constructed , it becomes quite gripping from the beginning .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
In fact , it is quite useful if you are actually interested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening and speaking .
Famous sightseeing places are really different during winter and summer .
Yours faithfully ,
I keep a cool head and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
As I have already said , I play sports , and that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities .
As long as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the next step and affecting society .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Every summer I help on my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer camp for babies and I would like to work with older children , because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to work at any place across the US .
Without knowing it , I have been preparing myself for a position like this one , for example , by working
I do not know who Franz Marc is .
Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .
Of course , you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Muslim , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
I would like to help people in the best way I can .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfields . That is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
Most people go to high school and university .
How are you ? I hope that you are well .
In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the LED and battery hatch to the badge .
Recently , although there are many LCC careers we can choose , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
Even worse , two of them started whispering in her ears , die … die .. .
Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
Even the most illustrious shops can be found there .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their teams at any home game .
One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
The phenomenon of homeless people has become a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
Every day in my town , people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical , nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the relevant one .
If a younger person engages this process as well or better than an older person , it is hard to argue that age should be a decisive factor when offering employment .
I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and gave it food when it needed to be fed .
It 's good to hear from you !
Riding a horse is an old - fashioned way but still interesting .
Give my regards to your family .
I am enclosing my CV .
I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
It is really exciting and amazing .
Owning a pet would benefit all members of a family .
So , in Russian print , the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
Without a doubt , long - distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order for people to understand them easily .
At that moment , he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Dear Bob ,
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance , while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
He also attended my lectures and labs on the " Java SE " summer training course .
With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying , and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
The thing that worries me most is getting used to the English weather !
See you in a few days .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become heavy when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
I promised to learn math for the whole week .
Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
Not so long ago , I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
The absence of parents or the fact they usually have no control or way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew them too .
Anyway , I 've recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
There are more crowds and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in their
How about Red Square ?
I always go to have a pizza at a restaurant near my house . "
In addition , a marathon takes place ever year .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
Email me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward to our meetings .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
The plot is about a young man ( Bradley Cooper ) who has just been discharged from a psychiatric hospital and has moved to his parents home .
The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
They even do not plant other trees .
I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
Also , not all the school play at one time so every section has time to play .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
That is one of the most reliable ways to make sure you will manage things on time without any unnecessary stress .
I am blonde ,
Used clothes were sold by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .
Given the circumstances , we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport . That is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
This is a modern city .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
First of all , I would like to say that young people have worse health nowadays .
And I would also like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution to that problem .
Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor , shared between Venezuela and Spain .
Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
I really do hope you get used to the neighborhood .
They also offered me some honey to add to my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enough at first .
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon . Nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
So many storms and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live on .
Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Start by asking yourself which one you like the most ?
Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
I started working for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
Players are on the same ground and some people are playing the game and some are not .
I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work for you this summer .
The invention of the car made people 's lives easier .
Then , after being set free , he becomes a thief again . However , this time he is not condemned because of a prier .
Madrid has many parks and many trees .
People will look at your figure enviously .
Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge First Certificate in English next December .
Watching the film , we had the possibility to see the characteristics of Boccaccio 's main characters and the different places where the stories took place .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
I was impressed by a cabaret who performed during the festival .
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
One of the sights we definitely want to see is the former border between West - Germany and East - Germany .
At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with people from other countries .
I do enjoy communicating with children , I like to play games and learn something new from them !
Children quite often feel guilty of not being able to prevent these problems or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously are not .
you can choose from two rock or pop bands and one DJ .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and you are more likely to find handmade products in them .
I can also recommend other places worth seeing in Bytom .
In conclusion : the way of teaching has been changing in the last few years all over Spain .
What a big surprise : you are married .
Hope this message finds you in good health
On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
That is my decision .
You are no more the person that people knew .
In accordance with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , but last year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
In Lublin there is a beautiful castle .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limitations of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
Now we are going to evaluate the main characteristics and differences between a pellet stove and a pellet boiler .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to enjoy a private life .
And Chandler works in an office , but he does n't really like his job .
I was working in ABC restaurant until last year .
Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
This is very time - saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced traffic chaos .
Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue as to the life - threatening risks that they are taking .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
Surfing the Internet needs imagination , logical thinking and knowledge .
Better live in a cottage .
Michael , however , made a living from his fights . At a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in the street , so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be attacked again .
I thought that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he could chew because he did n't know me and I was going to make him pay for what he had done .
The historical context is recreated in the film .
These words made me start more
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and the 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .
However , urban flooding keeps raging , even when the amount of green infrastructure fulfils the stormwater - control needs in some areas .
See you
Hello my friend
I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
There are some offices .
Unfortunately , your audition was really bad , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .
Consequently , it makes the audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
I decided to talk to him and asked him to forgive me .
I also know Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learning English right now .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility into a possibility .
Angry like a tiger , or something else that 's bad , naughty and terrifying .
They will serve us instead of human servants .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lives .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive , including a range of activities .
You will learn better and faster than studying at home .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
Lastly , I could consider also putting a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
She 'd go out with him .
He tries to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shoots him dead .
Findings
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
Without this stimulus , they might have been inactive .
The men usually wear their best suits and the women have long dresses on
How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper last Monday .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I like this trailer and I think that the film would be cool .
Her tone of voice is so gentle and so calm .
I think it is better than other search engines because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extra .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
Sports and sleep
More and more gadgets are invented , such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
When I read his poem " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .
People are inculcating the habit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
So you can lose weight and gain muscles .
So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are looking for good experiences and plenty of laughs !
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
plenty of experience with teaching younger children .
And the same applies with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Explore closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
3 ) conclusion
And she is also watching me with eyes wide open .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
To tackle this problem , we have to carefully think about it .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free downloadable program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
As one person said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
Third , we have not founded a green policy to eliminate rubbish .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
Only by talking about your opinions with your parents can you prove all the problem .
And you ?
First , the bank notes are designed by considering background colour , artwork , and security issues .
He was even made to apologize to all the neighboring villagers .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's clear that there are lots of different programmes on TV nowadays .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
After 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and I went to the hotel .
Dear Sir / Madam :
Yes , Gala National High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of an American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and , simply , a human being with various roles in life who has been happy a million times and unhappy a million times .
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes running , but also concentrating .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to another country .
As a result , people can save time .
Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you face during the journey .
The most important step is manual inspection .
Thus , it is clear that private transport such as cars has plenty of advantages .
I really do n't feel any guilt .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
The people I have worked for find me a reliable , communicative , well - organised and cheerful person .
It is so warm
Way Forward
It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
Almost their every secret comes out and they are still judged , criticised or mocked .
It can explain , too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Well , I think it is really creative .
She : sure .
As you enter the restaurant you are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
Public transport is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
I reach home at 13:00 , then I have my lunch and relax for an hour .
The garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded two years ago .
Why " du " ? Yeah ...
I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needed too !
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abusing social networks , especially Facebook .
Language itself also becomes vitally important : the boy s ' speech is peppered with made - up words that highlight the isolation .
I hope you come here .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Max where are you ? " she screamed . The lion disappeared in one second , running .
Travelling by train is cheep and getting a ticket is easy for us in our country .
They 're healthy activities .
The energy of the sun was the food for the seaweed and they stored it in their cells .
You will love it ! !
In conclusion , I have to say that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings which are useless when they are not renovated .
On the other hand , though , people can become anti - social , just because of the lack of real face - to - face meetings .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search , since I am very experienced at serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
The book ends with a devastating final twist .
Taking into account all this , public transport is much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for businesses .
They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected above are not accidental .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he say No ! when she came and begged him for help .
This is a very common argument : true genius stands out so much that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , then he is not a genius .
I am afraid more people will go through the same thing .
Some people just watch TV the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
It was so exciting and funny listening to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .
Well , the day 's responsibilities , in Michael 's mind , had been successfully accomplished and he felt really confident about all he had accomplished .
If you need any other details , let me know so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
In addition , visiting new countries and meeting new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
Especially when they have to live under a great number of rules .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
I had the same problems , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
Federica Chiu
I am writing with reference to the job as the camp monitor that you require in the summer .
I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mirror daily newspaper .
To have been assigned to the mountains is never the worst situation ; I have never been unfortunate , and misery has never been my colleague .
Gosh dang it Peter !
What is a path through writing ?
Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we want a better world , or , do we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn faster than elderly adults .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameramen all around the world .
It was the hardest thing !
By the way , I met your ex - girlfriend there with her new boyfriend .
What is your favourite programme ?
All the best with your project ,
Running will always be my favorite sport !
Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
There are plenty of choices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
Secondly , it was surprising to discover the absence of internet access in the computer room .
I got first prize in a match .
One month later
This is an excellent opportunity for me because I want to work as an English teacher .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
3 . Prepaid MMS
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
It is good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or just do n't like the crowded shops .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got into tatters and that affected my scores tremendously .
This graph shows people from India , Pakistan and the West Indies who entered the UK from 1940 to 1970 .
He went to the guide and told him about what he had seen .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
Thirdly , we should take care of our environment !
Some say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes you feel happy .
Besides , I have plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and sociable , and I have good communication skills .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you as a kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
People started emerging from their houses , their faces petrified with fear .
Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques where you can find unique pieces by designers from Asia .
Actually , unlike music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which clothes are being worn .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
Canton Tower is located at the intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and the Pearl River .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons for the success may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
Hello Something ,
My name is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñónez and I am a citizen of Castellón .
Consequently , drought has led to the severe social impacts of natural disasters .
He could not be at home all day doing nothing , so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
Lara Calvillo
Since most people watch television not for just a few minutes or do not just watch one or two video(s ) on Youtube , they will be forced to watch its advertisements more than once .
1239 Adelaide Road
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if you have not fallen in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
Public Housing Estate Recycle Competitions have also been held every year to promote the concept of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in daily life .
The note read and her tears rolled down her pale face .
On my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
It will be a good thing that we can spend our time on a good thing .
I have made many mistakes I guess .
We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World Cup in 2017
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
education , while attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Huang Ji Huang specialize in a stew pots menu , which will allow you to enjoy authentic Chinese food .
Instead of celebrating it , she somehow inhibits Scout 's learning .
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
It 's so relaxing and very informative . I never get bored .
And she thought that this was her chance to get in , to be one of them .
I did n't want to chat with them at first .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
He hid near the door , where he could watch for a chance to try the cream without being noticed .
Take care !
It 's proven that to learn a foreign language , you have to go abroad .
I imagine I am not the only one who could donate books .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
I await your response , Thank You .
Sasha
Commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
To be more precise , new educational methods promote the students ' teamwork .
Some years ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
I am interested in your advertisement you posted in an English language magazine .
Mankind went from a rural based society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilization in just a century .
I do part - time work at a school hostel as a teacher .
She does amazing things .
I look forward to hearing from you
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
I had never played a raquet sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
I hope you got a high score at school .
go owling and he ' d been wanting to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .
People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .
I would be grateful if you could attend to this matter as soon as possible .
Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
Conclusion
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
In my opinion , public transportation is the most convenient way to travel . The air pollution is one reason that I prefer public transportation .
I might not have the typical sportswoman body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .
The players have got a ball which has to cross to the other side .
I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the players played quite violently , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
I am willing to cook a lot of different meals for them .
Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
I loved climbing from the word go .
Finally , all the students should be taught about the environment .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
Do you also know Clown Bassie ?
Of course , when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
Before the trip started , the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was impossible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
I 'll get you a surprise !
Actually , I intend to study law but , since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices , I chose economics .
On the other hand , living abroad , you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
After printing , there is a lot more work to be done .
Nowadays , basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
Let me go .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was a child were different .
Hello , my name is Zabrina .
All those people who are living with this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
Maybe they will change .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became a passion .
In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
The day of the competition arrived and I went with others to show how I 'd practiced .
The menu is not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's produce .
The countries attempt to develop the nuclear industry to produce more power .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
Therefore , I expect a refund of the full amount , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
I 'm sure .
One of the measures that we , as world citizens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's the same .
Most people listen for the meaning of what you are trying to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
Looking forward to seeing you on 12 June .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion , they might choose public transport if it fulfilled certain conditions .
Have you ever thought about what the home of the future will look like ?
He went on , " Every room has a feeling written on it .
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses we encounter .
The floor is also a problem .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercise outside and not to be always in an apartment .
Best regards
I have to say , I am really upset about these changes .
I have training in basketball and Physical Education .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
CONCLUSION
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
He rushed out of the pub , opened the car door and got inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
I like to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
I found out that the granny 's name was Rose and she had had an operation after the incident .
SWIMMING . THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
The TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy with three other friends .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
He managed to get the money and take the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
However , I disagree with this idea .
They got closer to the man .
Then comes the most important stage -- inspection .
I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help with the evening and sports activities .
I believe that I could be a good helper for two reasons .
I will never forget it .
They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defiant and never boring activity and also will develop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
I 'm the kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
First of all , I consider it very important to learn a second language and English is a very commonly used one around the world .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
I think it 's better and safer to go to the Black Sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holidays , for example , if they work properly when they should .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth , because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
I luxuriate the making of the spellbinding models and the gift we got to pick in the dinosaur shop .
There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
Starting from the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
I love you so much , my dear friend .
I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
Changing is a natural habit that makes life more enjoyable for us .
While in captivity , he fought for the rights of all the black slaves in the camp .
Today , with the BFF concept , one has a best friend in every nook and cranny for different purposes .
I bet you love money , especially money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
I am writing to complain about the cafe 's lunch menu .
Even though people try to develop drones to reduce logistical costs , it is difficult to apply technology to carrying humans .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than a tennis court .
In this way , we can see that their population have so much control and they know that affects them .
That was 30 years ago .
I love its soft hair .
There is another problem which relates to safety .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
In addition , information about anything can be found easily on the Internet .
At those times , a car is convenient to use .
So , having a good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the west , both cultures are also popular there .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
On the following Sunday , as discussed , trees were planted and before we realized it , they started adding beauty to our town .
The first advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
They helped each other and the elder ones taught the youngsters .
Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
He has been living in the Netherlands for about a year .
As requested , I have investigated the features of the main means of transport which are used in my local area .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
We are always small and careless children to our parents , small and foolish to our elder brothers and sisters .
You may think theatres were fashionable place for royalty , courtiers and merchants .
Yours faithfully ,
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream , as there 's no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part of it .
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
You will feel great , concentrate better , have more energy and have fewer health problems .
Some people prefer one style of music , some - another .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College Theatre
As he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor , his neighbour Mary stopped him .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
It is a method I use to relax , unwind and revive myself .
Watching TV can be funny and nice , but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
In this way , I think that it is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling long distances .
INTRODUCTION
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
The geography and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
You do n't need to get angry or mad if you do n't find a parking space , you can just get on / off the bus wherever you like .
And we can find different reasons to be interested in this type of event .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Firstly , teenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Easy recycling
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his team , which has improved dramatically .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they will accomplish our targets .
In the end , a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
Plastic substances should be reused .
You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
In addition to that , she has a pretty face , dark skin , dark eyes and long brown hair .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that we could prevent the spread by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
Next , printing . Sheets of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour on both sides , and specWell , the . Well , the most important step is inspection , printed sheets should be manually inspected .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
In conclusion , only family members know who we are most deeply .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she had been living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause ill - feeling and discontent .
( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .
They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .
I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thinking and can likely to write a very useful article .
I think that I have enough experience for the job .
Anna was a bit stressed , but she was sure , that everything would be alright .
And that was how Michael was at that moment .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
Only a decade ago , robotics was limited to scientific research .
I watch TV about 5 hours a day and at the weekends for about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
Would we , not - famous people , want that kind of interest ?
We spent a huge amount of time together .
Nevertheless , it causes a lot of problems and pollution .
It is true that there are five stages in the whole process . We can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
That could be a bigger problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could rise 60 % in the next 10 years .
Just before the assets get the journalist , Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
Currently , this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions , such a metro .
I am available for interview at any time in the next two weeks .
Miss Theresa Anderson
The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among them , striving to put everything in a broader perspective .
I 'll say yes .
Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are often linked to the world of football , and this sport is no doubt one of the finest that man has created .
Thank you for your time and consideration and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
There are lots of places where you can do water sports like scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayaking … The Costa Brava is the perfect place to do water sports because there is a lot of wind and good weather .
I felt relieved then .
Written by Herbert Ernes Bates .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy to others .
In mild cases , the sting causes itching .
You usually have to commute to work and it takes you several hours per week to get to your office .
Public transport is a good solution for some people for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
As a secret I can tell you that I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god that my life would be much better if I could live all of it with him .
She smiled at me !
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
I love my family , we hardly ever argue !
If I can say , the beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
It likes my laptop and it plays with the cursor .
Hi , my name is Priscila and I have just realized that I am a writer , too .
In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , is going to be shown .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally aware city .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I think religion means a lot to people- especially Polish people .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhabitants .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
It has helped me to stay focused and improve my concentration , too .
I started to watch Formula One because of my father . This is his favourite sport .
He started being nervous when we asked where he had seen that girl .
There are so many questions .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
However , I was not going to give up on skating that easily .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with the exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things for your trips .
Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The last few days when I was in Baja California I got very little time for shopping and going to the beach .
The fastest option for going on holidays
Also , the street where it is has a lot of traffic .
Before taking part in this course , my concept of mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to manufacture , durable and financially reliable .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from research into the germ .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
I 'd prefer that people demonstrate good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that could change the current situation .
Finally , joining a sports team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
The share of cars could remain because of electric cars .
What do you feel are the main causes of this ?
Schools and Offices
Every sport focuses on some parts of the body , but basketball is the most complete sport .
However , when talking about great achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
If the cock touches that net , it counts as a point to the other team , who can receive from the cock .
- It goes without saying that cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , although I do abhor using public transport .
NB : In addition , in case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
I would strongly recommend this during nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
She measures about 30 centimetres .
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing countries to profit from the electronic revolution , are n't you ?
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
If you prefer faster shopping , I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
Besides , the greatest invention is the Internet .
I look forward to your answer , I want to have a great holiday this year !
But the main concern will be technology .
I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
There is no doubt that man 's lives have evolved .
Beg of her remedy .
Words fail to express the emotions that all participants experience .
But first , I will tell you the whole story from the beginning .
Home free , he thought to himself .
On the other hand , public transport systems can reduce the number of private cars in the busy areas , for example , buses and trams .
Mario
In time , you will get to learn many new words .
Best wishes .
Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as for a football match , for example , to play tennis .
Personally , I agree with your parents .
Thank you in advance and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
However , here you are completely different , made of life lessons , preferring to keep a stiff upper lip , cowering in your own reality .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
Consequently , we should never blindly trust everything we see or read on the Internet .
So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
Then tourists went to this building to find jobs to earn money .
I am a university student .
It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , time frames and charges as well .
Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible for the soil water shortage and decreasing precipitation .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic on hot days .
Most of the time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it . It was the best experience ever . I wish you could have been there to see that .
It is bewildering !
When I lived for more than 12 years in the countryside , I was dependent on buses and trains .
Weight lifting involves the basic and most natural human movements .
Thank you and best regards ,
I will also make reference to some suggestions that might help to improve the exchange programme .
The information they acquire during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because society was governed and supported by the president .
Please tell me when you make a decision .
I play skat .
As for making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
A current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
During my studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris , where I studied political sciences and international management .
The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
I went into my house and closed the door knowing at that moment that I had made a mistake .
These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
Sports are all around the community .
By a broad definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
This research project will provide us with a better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
Monroe Training Solutions
She does that every day after school .
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
Starting from sending the invitations to the most famous people in the city and calling the shots .
For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
In the future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids will be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but fiction .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
I have liked this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the good times when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
As I said before , all of this needs time and a great number of studies .
It was a very big and beautiful turtle !
You could lower the prices a little bit .
Nowadays , they are modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to be .
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent from my life for so long .
Why ?
WORK WITH US ! ! !
Another very important thing is the travel time .
Have you ever heard of stamina food ?
We have been to Champéry a couple of times .
It 's very handy because I read the newspapers online and for free , but only the Spanish papers .
- experience it when they are very tired physically and very stressed .
If you are asked about yourself , you should n't tell your biography or something that has been written in your CV .
I had to satisfy all of the whims of the stars .
This street runs from the Viña Square towards the sea for about six or seven blocks , and has many small shops and businesses which attract a lot of people .
They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
In addition , more and more scientists agree that aliens really exist .
Answer me soon
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years ' planning , it also involves local culture .
They have asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it feels bad .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely sufficient quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
No tears or apologies would make a less culprit .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
This essay evaluates whether the demerits outweigh the merits .
There are different numbers of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
Although it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
Even so , now she is starting to talk more often , and when we started high school we made lots of new friends !
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
This sports centre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
It 's just like a competition when I practise sport .
My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthy food .
A very large number of people also play football at an amateur level .
Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
Third , sometimes a person who has a good sense of humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Hi Paul ,
So we must reduce cars on the roads .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area into certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
We like to talk to her because she can always bring us happiness .
Michael entered slowly and tried to approach his wife . "
I often play it for about 2 hours in the afternoon .
I really enjoy watching him play a lot .
Then ?
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adapt the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved , and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
But if I make my own food , of course , I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
Their education is affected , for example .
Starting from F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime .
Finally , they find good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheets or bad sheets .
It 's a team sport . The team is made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
Obviously , the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see myself gaining pounds through the years .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , but I would like to spend my time doing the right things .
But we have a local supplier that could do it .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to do my homework for tomorrow 's school .
Also , it is a big opportunity to help them .
Indeed , the method by which a person goes from point A to point B can spell the difference between a good and a bad day .
Both acquiring new knowledge and making new friends make me feel happy .
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make the sound of thunder .
This is a great opportunity to spend some quality time together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before the stores close if you want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose only one store for your everyday shopping .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
This is convenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
You can go anywhere you want , even during the night when public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
Also , as public transport such as the metro does not need to deal with traffic , it is always a faster way to get to the office .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
Besides the cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident had happened in the park .
In the near future , she would describe this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
The head chef is an experienced and skillful man at his work .
If your figure is nice , you will have a good mood , wonderful feelings .
The flow chart shows six main steps in the process of making bank notes .
They help me to develop and to see the world from a different perspective .
There are plants everywhere .
One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of pure time - consuming and presumably expensive dedication .
Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
In the military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corps .
When I was a child , I used to play football with my friends .
Now , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we need each other .
To conclude , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to do military service .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
This attitude is especially true for sportsmen and women .
2005 was a low , but it grew again .
I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film . It is recommended for all ages .
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , and continue in a successful life . Fight .
And they do n't need to be dependent on public transport on their journey .
The number of cars and motorbikes is the reason for heavy traffic everywhere .
I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
First , an inspection of the school 's facilities was organised , in order to assess the school premises .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the appropriate skill set to keep the department on track as well as make any necessary changes .
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertised in a magazine .
My favorite sport is football , but it is not a sport that I like to play , it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a team in a championship .
This decision made the series extraordinary , with scenes filmed in Seoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production by this young , promising director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
Lots of people really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is more eco - friendly .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation about the life of Rose .
• 40% of those interviewed , most of whom have proven to be young people , declared that they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
So , I 'm really thinking about leaving this sport .
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after doing my Omrah , I visited several places . Among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
One hour later , our table was on fire .
On the other hand , children are used to eating only what they want , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...
Trust me , I 'm right .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
In the morning , a waste collection truck comes and it takes this waste away .
It was a story about black maids who worked for white families during the 1960s .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
I want to live to a ripe old age , but at the same time I am afraid of it .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 kilometer of walking , whereas staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and healthy .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
Nothing is more difficult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Not only do they run away from uncomfortable situations , but they also prefer to see them on screens .
I suggest bringing a coat .
It is no secret that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
One thing led to another and we ended up having a beer and laughing in a pub .
For example , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia . The two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
Then I had to be operated on twice .
I live alone , so no one does it for me .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money to be able to afford the cost of the university a person planned on attending .
Dear Paul !
It is common for children to watch violent scenes .
Jim
There are a lot of citizens movement except official activities .
Firstly , there is a great demand among our students for a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
For example , in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm , but he has never felt contented .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has the ability to deal with problems in a fair way .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how Americans speak it in real life .
This article is about what I think about the efficiency of public transport .
He stopped when he saw the dark shadow walking towards him .
The human being is the most wise and intelligent of all of these .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
The guide decided to go with Max to see the puma for himself .
Good luck !
The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers resulting from the decrease in output .
Later , people continue in language schools .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you must n't miss this series because it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , helps them to deal with their problems .
Football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer at the Waterski World Championships in Moscow .
If you want to go to Vigo or another city which is nearby , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
But if you want to decide , I 'll try to help you .
Although herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
They especially like the music store and the magnificent t - shirt store owned by two local designers . There you can design your own item and collect it the following week .
They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create new ones .
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm coming to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you for some time !
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
It will make you feel vulnerable , but that is life .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl who is even far from his type .
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
The metro is the most comfortable means of transportation in Moscow .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and studies .
As a result , I failed one of my subjects because I did not have enough time to catch up on the lessons .
We had to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shelves before .
We have got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of places by train .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting more attractive by the day and the people have begun to make their city clean .
Governments haven't been giving good ideas to improve public transport .
Having an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Even the priest doesn ' t know how to help the unhappy familly .
All was lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
Michael had a very good old friend who had been with him in his good times and worse .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on memory .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
I love it when the temperature is a little bit cold , but not too much .
I was in the position of leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when François Hollande arrived in Berlin .
I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
I describe how it looking my everyday life .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
For example , it is not difficult to see the media talking about a son who kills his parents for money or a girl who is murdered by her boyfriend out of rage due to jealousy .
- The prince of Blue City . He is very handsome , and his family has military studies , so he is the second most perfect guy in the world .
I 'm gutted because he was my childhood friend .
In the future , people 's live will be better .
chahrshanbeh soori :
It 's a kind of social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
And the paintings are in the museum again .
I have been volunteering for various similar projects .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
In the first place , the people are really fun and friendly .
Humans are social animals , we communicate because communication is in our genes . If we do n't communicate we go insane .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal space .
It is obligatory for the inhabitants to put their different types of garbage into separate bins .
We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to resist temptation .
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this younger generation .
Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
However , I personally believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
Football is my life .
I 'm glad that I had a chance to do it .
Finally , it was confirmed that nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels , consequently reducing blood pressure .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
I can say that it is the most natural movement for humans .
Researchers experience their research as an enjoyable activity .
Paula
Finally , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for helping them .
You definitely have to visit it .
He was frustrated .
To be more precise , I am in the graduating class .
If I 'm not doing that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
You can enjoy good quality ordinary food on a budget .
is to use public transport .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University , as an undergraduate student .
It 's on top of a big hill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
The number of homeless people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
She 's been talking to him plaintively to put him to sleep , reading him the same old tatty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
We do not need to go down that road again .
Thank you for inviting me
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to set your own schedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that does not always meet your needs .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
There are many ethical concerns about human genetic engineering .
It came into fashion and became honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Using will not only get entertainment but also acquire knowledge .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
Cars are red .
" If you have a great time with your family and co - workers , it is not necessary to time travel .
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
Are the activities included in the price of the course ?
Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
These are very nice castles .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your cuisine because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
For more than thirty years , in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with the typical cuisine of the coast of Málaga .
I was born in 2001 on August the 10th in Danderyd .
When his mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
Luckily , I have never dreamed it .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain in these streets .
Working with children , I have learned to be more patient and , moreover , I am able to motivate them to give the best of themselves .
Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand it , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
Fuji in a year .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
In the end , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed tried to escape this horrible result .
Running
Dear Gareth ,
I combined readings on theory and literature that addressed issues of print with visits to local historical museums and archives .
It will make you cringe , bawl like baby .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on the Monday .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
There are certain people who believe community service orders are more adequate in some cases .
Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
In my opinion , everyone 's life will see a great improvement , from the economic point of view , but also from the social and cultural one .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
Juan Farías
Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition before trauma .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
He was always doing things for them or for anyone who asked him .
She went to sleep with the belief that she was the happiest girl in the world .
I also have a lifeguard certificate .
This is a job dealing with all the information on a cruise , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Dear John ,
In our world , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The Chachas Restaurant
My name is Claudia . I was born in Sweden .
We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
I think that Cádiz is the perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountains .
Take care and goodbye ! ! !
I 'm planning your visit .
She 's incredible ; she is like the sister I never had .
To keep all of nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generations .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it requires a lot of running .
After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of it and it was pretty hard .
Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Nevertheless , this is not an all audiences movies , because it contains hard scenes not suitable for children .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
They hugged and smiled at each other .
The film was produced in 2010 by the well - known director Stanley Kubrick .
My name is Filip Jönsson . I 'm 13 years old .
I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
Indeed , people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , our lifestyle will change too .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Dear Carlos
I enjoy running .
They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
She heard music and that is how the party started .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind which are sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
This whole business has started to get on his nerves .
I feel free when I 'm on the pitch .
The Grand Bazaar is one of the largest covered markets in the world and it has more than 4,000 shops .
First , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our lives , and more and more cars come into our families .
It is set in England during and after the First World War .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
Considering all this , nowadays it is socially important to develop positive values among young people , such as respect and tolerance , to create honest adult people .
In the afternoon , he analyzed the content and wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
Also , I have a lot of friends .
This idea is fantastic , although it will be very complicated .
Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a different design than other cities .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of the impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas each new car means increasing pollution .
My lifestyle is among them .
All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind and heart is too vivid to forget .
You can also do some traveling and explore new places .
For many years , we pupils have been waiting for a library .
I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , it should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of sources .
Ever since , I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
We think that our authorities are responsible for these matters .
You 'll dedicate your time only to things for personal enjoyment and it will really hurt you .
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone .
I think we should readjust the rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positive sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so that everything can stay the same " .
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon . I really do n't want you to leave this school !
In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a threat to others , they should be stopped immediately .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
See you soon !
It is well worth seeing !
Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .
There were delicious snacks and drinks before the dinner .
If you would like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
His parents finally came back after three days but it was obvious that something was wrong .
Not everyone can afford it .
Then I decided to study engineering and become one of the best engineers ever .
You need to change the way you organize your thoughts in order to master it .
My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboard users would bring more potential to improve business in Central Plaza .
What is your last name ?
The old house looked abandoned .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
5- Many people ca n't drive , like children and old people .
By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubled by .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can communicate all over the world .
He leaned over and grabbed the object .
In addition , I have privately coached 5th and 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , German and French for the last 3 years .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends . Sometimes I like playing on my Ipad .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you need me to .
If I had to find a downside to Chocolat , it would be that the film format does not allow us to have a deeper look into some of the characters and their story lines .
I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get better . I like kung fu weapons and hands - free forms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
For instance , if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think about trying to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
Technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
At this point , no one knew that she had had the interview and the interviewer told her that the job was hers .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
Actually , I realize that business is not for the major , everybody knows Tec is very demanding and if you want to be there , you must work hard .
In 2012 , I got the Cambridge first certificate in English and I 've been improving my French to pass the exam .
Finally , to be healthy , it is also important to eat a balanced diet .
So , I have eaten it every summer for 12 years .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Parents work outside the home all day .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
And finally , I am the kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
I hope that you are having fun like me .
It was impossible . They deleted every bit of information about themselves .
Moreover , I will not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for them .
She chose a cosy little restaurant near her house .
If you are starting this sport , you need to think it 's fun to play it .
We can also say that there are other more important subjects than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
I know how to treat children and how to make them have fun , something that would help me to organise activities and events for them .
Excellent performance in the field of study is not a determining factor for your success .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
One of the most popular social networking websites is Facebook .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
Before him there was a tall , dark woman in black .
Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
Nowadays , it is hard for many young people to do physical exercise frequently .
We began to do it again and it took us the whole week to finish it .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I play hockey and basketball , two sports that are simply perfect .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
It was amazing !
I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that technology .
Also , the temple gave rise to a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
These engines use bio fuels , so the environment is not affected .
The most important thing is to have positive thoughts .
He only needed 50 seconds to steal the painting .
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought about why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
The world is becoming more and more competitive . Young people have to spend a lot of time educating themselves to survive in this society .
At some point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
Last week my class and another one went on a school trip in Sicily .
The series provides an amazing window into eight different , and extraordinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .
Indian people make amazing food , but it 's so spicy . Indian people dance in an amazing way .
It can be classified into four types :
They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; they fell in love with each other .
So you will become one of the most famous players in the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : the Australian Open , the US open , the Roland Garros and Wimbledon .
In the last ten years , technology has made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
People can afford cars easily .
Television helps us to find the fields that interest us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Once the day was over , the Japanese government tried to reverse all of the damage done , but it was impossible .
The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
This will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
The special effects are amazing .
I am a 23-year - old student doing a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
That is because we do n't take interest in the problems of others .
The setting is in New York and they meet daily in a bar called Central Perk .
I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and , of course , you need to know the highway code .
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Firstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and coming back home .
This job would give me the opportunity to practise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
Usually , I play football with my classmates .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .
dispatched .
People really need these improvements and you only gave them fake hopes .
Besides , this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
We can get in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
However , there are a couple of small suggestions .
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trouble ?
But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
Moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Only by looking in the eyes of stone - cold danger can he evade disappearance himself .
Yours faithfully .
Being sedentary and eating fast food will not get them anywhere .
large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it s center has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
And you can never return to being the person you used to be .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
Concerning your work plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
The first one was based on the profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , more convenient and comfortable way of travelling .
Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were the basis of the new music .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
Nick
First week one km , the second , one km and 300 meters , etc .
Lora grew up and became a very pretty adult .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
The series provides an unorthodox insight into the lives of eight people that are connected by some sort of magical spirit .
Teenagers used to go out after having done their homework and their favourite hobby was certainly sport .
Apart from that , they learned mostly about literature and poetry .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
Do n't run too much and too quickly !
I have hated writing since school .
The public transport in my city is very convenient .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' shows new research , in which it 's possible to pick up some of the signs of dyslexia in the brain even before kids learn how to read .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work on time .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
In the last few years , public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and destinations .
We set off at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour later .
So it prevents us from having to open maps to confirm every single route .
Little by little , he developed an interest in working .
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
In addition , I spend my free time doing Yoga or cooking good meals for my family .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And the phone number you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
But if you are willing to live a happy life .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of their actions and without knowing the real motive of their behaviour .
The school will be closed in Summer , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to the 30th of September .
Some people tend to think that their jobs have more effect on their happiness , while others seem to believe that their social life has more of an influence .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
Why do I enjoy my favourite sport ?
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
A very big weakness I have is that I can forget nearly everything , especially homework and other school stuff .
Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking for me , the feeling of being a nuisance is dreadful .
If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
No matter what you write , he follows his own lust .
The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular types of translation nowadays .
Continue studying
Luis
Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking for better job opportunities .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
This way is cheap as well and they do n't have to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
In the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
We do n't want your attention !
They were very happy .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
So , the first two questions are :
My eyes instantaneously start to hurt .
I was wearing a short red dress and black shoes .
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
The words of congratulation below the picture explained everything : He 'd got married to someone else !
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then the raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead ( Out ) .
The use of public transport has a lot of advantages , but on the other hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
All people should use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , because each car on the road is bad for our environment .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
The boy began to cry .
This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses were the same all round .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
I had to check their work and correct their mistakes .
By recycling , by trying to reduce the traffic , walking and cycling . That also improves our health and fitness .
In addition , it is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citizens .
Today , more people , not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploration and studies .
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
I 'm not addicted to films whatsoever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
Young people not only have to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wide range of knowledge .
Hello , how are you ?
Rafa Pons .
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
But I wo n't suggest that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly .
Sometimes they abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , with no response , or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
The world is changed by time .
Dear Jo
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring for the environment must be very strict .
As is known , it is used to produce crops that are more resistant to insects and diseases .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever , wherever .
Yours faithfully ,
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
In my opinion , this job would be a great , useful experience .
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
And you can never really say a teacher in the mountains is miserable unless you have experienced being one .
He thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
Dear Paul ,
Newspaper is also not a good medium , since newspapers have recently been replaced by online newspapers .
On the other hand , public transportation is inexpensive .
From there take the 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live very far from there . It will only take a couple of minutes .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
He was afraid of losing her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
If I also had a year free , I would only want to travel , not work .
Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can for travel .
I would particularly like to know how many students attend the school , and how many students there are in a class .
In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
Young people might like to take a walk in king garden , where there are sakura trees .
However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it became possible for workers to move jobs , often to places far away .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
Its surroundings are also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of the last Muslim palaces in the world .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgery is usually needed .
Yours faithfully
She just wanted to hide from this world .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
On the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so you could find a job as a waiter .
She has been waiting for that moment all her life .
But most of us just from a distance ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer from it .
In the third place , this year , Cáceres is the capital of gastronomy in Spain .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
When you start talking with him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of talking . He has the talent to convince
So , it would be better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future use to make this world a better place .
The majority of the space was taken up by a U - shaped marble counter where customers can sit and observe their desserts being made .
This mode of transport is better for the population and means that we do n't have traffic in the city .
I attended policy making forums and events where Dr Montés was a speaker and his opinion was highly respected .
A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filed complaints .
It is great when you are in a cup and go very far in the tournament .
Eventually , it might become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as the international currency instead of dollars .
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
The following thing are worth noting about me .
Resolve/ determine / insistence
Will we live in that house alone ?
The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
Yours faithfully
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school , so they are completely familiar with using English as a classroom language .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation are coming to an end ?
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government , but also the task of each of us .
Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , about which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team , I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
It makes it possible to study and do research more easily .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
The movie is about a teenager named Mia who had a car accident with her family .
But a few months before the concert , disaster struck !
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
She had just got the job and she wanted to show what her skills were .
It was fun to read as always .
Wake up world .
It is the fastest and the most comfortable one .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for them to learn .
The main characters are very young and enjoyable .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth could be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
The Asian restaurant Tian review
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
And what about those open - hearted quotes , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
Change is never easy and being able to try new things is , indeed , a valuable trait for one to have . However , I do not have such traits .
Secondly , building more houses is not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of a house is too expensive for the ordinary person .
The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
Then , yes , the weather .
I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
As you get involved with football and you engage with this sport , you will clearly notice the benefits it brings to your daily life .
A friend is a treasure , as in the title of that adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
Then , it is cost effective .
I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must watch .
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year .
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I have fun with my uncles and cousins .
The progress of technology is very fast .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
My name is Mike Hennings .
Hopefully , I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
During the concert , one boy forgot the script and began to improvise .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another era .
If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
This show is particularly good , as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
The results
As I said , it is really important that parents can communicate with their children because they are taking care of them and they are their parents , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
So public transport is not an exception .
First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
In this episode of my life I will to talk to you about my daily routine .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My favourite sport is basketball .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
What I would suggest in order to deal with this problem is to integrate more laboratory experiences in grammar schools also , like chemistry experiments or bacteria observation with microscopes .
So , it 's not so easy as it seems .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common in the group of mental ones , followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship .
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives , so the above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
I am writing regarding the advertisement for USA SUMMER CAMPS .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady at $ 850 .
Large forests and country roads , where cars are not allowed , are also part of the offer .
I believe public transport will have a big role in the future for several reasons :
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rushed , where you have to queue up for an hour and finish eating in 20 minutes before they kick you out .
I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
Place it in the most visible and strategic place in your room and stick to it .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
You can either find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Dear Tom
First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and at the same time complicated .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
He 'll break up with her .
I watched a Greek TV show .
The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another place .
I 'm very happy to hear from you since we have both been quite busy these days with the exams .
To whom it may concern :
Peter tried to stop them but it was impossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
It was a really exhausting but illuminating experience .
Sorry for taking so long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is for a salesman .
At school and at home , they have to cope with lots of problems and try to solve them .
More specifically , it was Alice when she was starting her journey .
I like sushi because the combination of fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
The convenience of travelling by car benefits the majority of us in modern society .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years old .
Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in the United States due to the satellite dish .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
Every day people think about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why ?
A great place to eat is at " The Rivera " .
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes per day .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives might change in the next 50 years , if they will be better or worse .
Well , on this particular morning , Michael seemed to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be energetic and very vibrant that particular morning .
In other words , technology should be used as a tool for students to be aware of the development of society and its advantages and disadvantages .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
So we have the chance to improve public transport .
After the concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she would find her family and friends .
To begin with , recent statistics reveal that the number of obese adolescents is rising .
Today , people know more about phenomena that were considered obscure in the past .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
" The Flying Dutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who was the first man worldwide to do an incredibly difficult exercise on the parallel bars .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping . I get up and run in the playground .
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break from your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you should n't miss this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start to the week .
Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it into the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , to the high speed rail , all this public transportation has become more and more popular .
More students would be attracted if the school governors made some changes to the learning system .
I never said goodbye to everyone because I will come back to England .
We will probably stay at this campsite for about three weeks and besides the hiking we will read and laze about .
I think that I am the right person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose the wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to watch the races from behind a curtain .
It is said that the man who goes shopping for more than one hour is angry and tired .
To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second season need not worry ; Line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write the third and fourth series , and if you haven't tried it before , you 've just about got time to catch up .
And finally , it is really fun to play .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
The first difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season One were released at the same time .
Then I look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on to find their cure .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
I enjoy doing any kind of sport with my friends .
This will largely cause less soil water and precipitation .
I found out about Doctor Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me about it .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to lose fitness .
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
They paid me a lot of money and I was able to buy a lot of dresses , jeans , shoes , books and make - up .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
In order to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab the chance to raise my English level .
It includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the central train station .
Primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and , secondly , because developers make a lot of money .
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost ?
All these and many more , like its cultural places , famous streets connected to the square and gorgeous as well as old buildings make it the " spirit of Moscow " .
It really caught my attention how relevant Doctor Who is in the UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there was someone talking about who could be the new Doctor . It appeared on the news , in newspapers and on the day the BBC was going to reveal the name of the actor they even made a special show about it .
I really think that we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of mine victims .
Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages a car provides .
Hello .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are currently in use .
You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
Nowadays , famous people , like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from a lack of privacy .
Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
Saturday , I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
I would really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course I should take .
Micheal did not know what to think .
First at all , I asked the council about this great problem which is pollution and the way to solve it .
I am writing in response to your advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
Should I go if I do n't know who sent this to me ? "
Yours Sincerely
The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learning is that they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
Jogging is a sport you can start any day .
Because of this , he always defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
3 . During his playing time , he must give his full concentration .
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
There were times I wanted to back off from the many demands of work , but I always found myself fighting .
In addition , we need something that can work all the time .
Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
People , young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
In our city , the buses stop at midnight .
They got to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercising and playing together , they finally become two enviable friends .
Innovative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special process of creating , testing and implementing new products and materials , new methods of resource utilization and the new kind of management in business processes to find advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about seeing this movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
Everyone in the organisation is kind , helpful and cheerful .
After talking with her for a few minutes , I became so happy .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
I have been playing football in my free time until now .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
This job is great because I also learn a lot of things .
No one in the neighborhood had a clue of what was about to happen in the next few hours .
It was fantastic !
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a good level of spoken English and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
So who had … ?
Dear
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as cardboard , glass , etc .
Therefore , I was very interested to read on your website that you have a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
How are things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
As mentioned above , the heat is necessary to warm up the air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so many great motifs .
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
He is an important person because he is the president of the government in Spain .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , the fight between Muslims and Hindus in India or in the Lebanese civil war .
Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
Feel the wind !
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
My favorite is the Hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
My only advice is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good instructor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
The end
- " What ? What 's wrong with you ?
I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of people .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
That half of my day I am always sleepy and angry .
Saying that taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizens but also the national and international organizations .
There is not exactly a bad day for running , because even rainy days are excellent for a good run .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
In the early days , the public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
I have got my own camera . It 's a Canon .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
Yours faithfully ,
This letter is in regard to the summer camp job advertised in the newspaper .
It got out of control and they started fighting .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba , so I excitedly accepted .
In Spain , the vast majority of schools are state schools .
There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
Anna was happy !
And people are becoming isolated . Once I saw a mother using her mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
Dear Paul ,
The band is not so well known here and the ticket sale hasn't started yet .
Just like a fish in the water
However , we forget the one important thing : the earth belongs to all life .
They enjoyed the game .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heroes sacrificed their lives for victory .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not as easy as I thought .
You only have to walk along the road opposite our house and you will arrive at the bus station .
I 'm not sure if this is true or not , because I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
You will not regret it .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an interesting time with friends , but we could also lose a lot of money .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
She went downstairs to the cosy bathroom and had a shower .
It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
There is no special criteria , such as tall and strong muscles or gender .
In addition , more people would help if they could recycle easily .
It is evident that independent speaking and thinking skills are valuable for your career .
All people has very close someone to recycle .
Sport is probably as old as humanity itself .
And what about houses ?
People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
Four and five star hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available for families .
Those items will help you not to be injured .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
The city is bike friendly and bike paths are available .
The waiters are happy to help in any way they can and work hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train or a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and , if you want to go somewhere , you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
tel : 001012345678901
I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to your belief in small classroom size and individualized support for students .
These days , the castle has been restored and has a history museum . It also has a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered on a course .
I attend Sant Ignasi school and in the future I would really like to study medicine .
Therefore , I suggest you work during your travelling time .
All these tasks can be completed within a month , and I would be glad to be involved in the improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our work , because it represents the company , and representation is key where attracting clients is concerned .
I live in Moscow , the capital of the Russian Federation .
The study guide does n't necessarily need to be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
All the best
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but , in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people , though they have to accept some critics , because not everybody has to love them .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst of criminality .
During summer , the park organizes many exhibitions and cultural events .
I was working with two people and we had to check two thousand tickets !
Educational and medical assistance , as well as iinfrastructure improvements are some of the recent advancements .
So , who could have sent that letter ?
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go into space on a tour .
They will always love you based on your looks rather than your personality .
I loved the apples !
I'm supported by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
You are not tied to the timetable of the public transport .
Really Happy .
My friends and family were there to support me .
My dear Daniel ,
Football is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl and sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredibly happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
When Alison arrived , she did not see any people .
It 's three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
On the other hand , there are many arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
Every day , we are looking for friends .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
There you must n't speak loudly and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
I wo n't ever forget that day !
And on top of that , without public funds , there are too few people who show they care about the fate of historical buildings .
6- Not everyone has the possibility to buy a car .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
I 've been learning English for four years and my level is " upper intermediate " , but I think I lack confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
Dear Paul ,
Over the course of history , life has constantly changed .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me with not only practical but also theoretical knowledge .
It 's one of the best Al Pacino films and it 's very different from previous ones .
How are you ? I am fine .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
You asked me what time I would arrive .
I 'm a hard worker and I always love finishing something that I started .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
Drinking enough water would be good habit for enjoying not only soccer but also any other sport .
The Mona Lisa is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
They ran towards their house , worried about their child .
In the past , a family had only one car , but today we have a car for each of us .
My best friend .
We also waste paper in those books .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it makes you think too .
Our ability to develop our identity is crucial to our ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we need to shed our old identity and add new elements .
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one s in the past which filled whole rooms .
The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of new states and the following referendums on their independence .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
My favorite one is the Italian salad , because it is healthy and the sauce they use is savoury and strange .
I am very well and everything is all right .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assistance for this family .
Like ordinary people , they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world . I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian . I 'm really interested in learning languages .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beefburgers .
Easy on the pocket & frequented by the locals , there is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths is necessary ; remember the body does what the mind commands .
Bicycle trails criss - cross the city .
But on the other hand , you may be punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
In class , answer as many questions as possible , and try to participate in class discussions .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
Car accidents are the typical reason for this phenomenon .
Sports start being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the minds of the young .
Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
I 'm writing to you regarding an advertisement I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on your cafe staff .
Who knows ?
I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
Hi John :
My advice for finding work is a bit complicated because , nowadays , there are a lot of people without work .
In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry . That is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
Phuong .
There is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs and alcohol .
As a result of this , the town looks clean compared to previous decades .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
The product without a brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
This could hardly satisfy an ordinary questioner like me , not only an interviewer from a daily newspaper .
The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of the water is fine .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
The sad music that was playing in her earphones made her feel even more confident .
They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good .
Reading is a must for having a great nation .
What is fame ?
Additionally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting five main courses .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
Here is some advice for anyone who is starting this sport .
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
They lived happily ever after .
Finally , there are some posters and some shelves with my games .
I am a very active and creative person with a desire to work .
However , all the people in his neighbourhood feared him because of his past .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
I talked about everything .
I would like to play with the children , to do sport and dance with them .
But tell me , what else has been going on with you ?
Together with a solid foe and the deft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
I was placed in the top 10 , with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact that it may compromise their children 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
The war in my country made me feel no longer safe .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could help those people attain their goal -- relaxation .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
She was killed by his coldness .
If somebody in my family asks me for help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
First , I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
It is the way I can unwind , because my studies are stressful .
Another rapidly expanding social networking tool is Twitter .
Catch it or lose it
But cricket is very famous and we know many cricketers .
We laugh and eat together .
Do we know what it means to be a friend ?
Sport is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health , including both aspects that are physical and mental .
As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on the list of the required skills to be employed and the market highly demands it .
Are you still working all the hours God sends preparing for your exams ?
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that a national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the top floor and then you go down , visiting other floors ) .
Some people fear that if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
So , she went upstairs ...
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
It also shows you the power of the family and how they should stick together through all the difficulties they face .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
I think it is the key to success .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
I was watching a YouTube clip on my iPad .
but let 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's second husband eats for breakfast ?
I live in a small town called Tui .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
So , if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school , at 6 years and a few months or 7 years and a few months .
So , we can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
The rising number of deadly car accidents raise an important question for all of us .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win some cuts of meat .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
After some time , the bus stopped for 5 minutes and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station you 've ever been to .
They met with the lawyer .
I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
Fortunately , we returned home healthy and happy but very very tired .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it combined a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
Nice to write to You !
My Favourite sport
Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big city since I was just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
It is much better to take a walk along the high street and do something for pleasure during this time .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even our body in a bad way .
Elisa .
Indeed , school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
Thank you for the weekend .
It plays with children very well .
Foxy the pirate performs a show on her own in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions about the pirates and telling a pirate story .
I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
Everyone is afraid of something .
My family are my best friends because they really take care of me when I need them to .
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught her to by her grandmother .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be with us or if it will disappear completely .
but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation topic to talk about with friends .
See you soon !
They prefer to be comfortable .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow city and , among other things , Wawel Castle .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents would not blame you .
However , sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer of 2010 .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level in a particular language .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
+ Local shops :
Some people have their own car , but prefer to use public transport .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to be global citizens , to change the world , and to get experience and skills that matter today
I did n't expect to find anything else but sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
They send their CVs .
But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new ?
so the government must take action to make it easier .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
It is better to be alone than in bad company .
I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of the media .
Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
The " New York Times " made a series of publications dedicated to the coup .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
I enjoy reading books , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
Hello !
I am among the first type of people .
I believe both are useful .
While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late to complete assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
In recent years , public transport has become really common in our lives .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
Serena Palerma
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
I 'm absolutely convinced everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
In modern society , cars have become cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
My mouth is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slightly and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
But he not be fixed that the man had a camera on his head and his action was filmed .
Also , there are some performances after the funfair .
Check the languages you know and compare them to the people from those countries .
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
Always pay attention to whether the cat has been sick .
Could you tell me something about the staff ?
Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
We pulled over .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
If you score a lot of points , you will win the match .
For all of you who have kids , you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free for as much time as you need .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
Everyone , from time to time , needs a moment of peace to relax and renew their strength .
There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
Dear colleague
First , the restaurant has a wide variety of food .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
My mammy tells me a story at night .
Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Günay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
Towns are congested with traffic james , especially during rush hours .
Few technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as this little thing .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
You need to spend a lot of money if you want to buy a car , if you want to insurance it and use it .
She was not dead , but in a coma , in a hospital .
So Max walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Dear Jo ,
If the distance to the destination is short , we could replace driving with walking or cycling .
I have chosen the two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilitate our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in the kindergarten 's volunteer group .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life more convenient .
The train does n't cause pollution .
In those places , I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
Yours sincerely ,
- Hey Alex !
private cars reduce infections .
It can be a benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
What is more , I am used to working long hours on both day and night shifts , so busy days will not be a problem for me at all .
This will gradually kill public transport .
That is the key !
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
Hope to hear from you soon .
So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating customs and manners , and stamina food as well .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
I 'm still looking for one suitable for me .
It would be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and for countries as well , because we will save a lot of money .
From my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
He also played in the school football team and beat the state club .
One surprising outcome from the survey was that students do not feel comfortable enough in the residential building .
When I was very young , roughly at the age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport and it was an activity that I could never stop doing .
Did you go hiking last year ?
These are advantages , but we can also have disadvantages from them .
Becase I seldom practiced it .
Best wishes
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
As well as that , tennis gives me the opportunity to keep fit and meet new people .
Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives .
Luckily , we had arrived very early for our flight , so we still had time to do something about it .
In 1967 , Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status through his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had known little about him .
Myths and facts about frozen shoulder
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
The third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Another interesting way to find out more about the past is to collect old photographs .
There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
We can go by bus .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
The Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
As a volunteer I helped make meals for VIP guests .
Some people love shopping , and some people can not live without shopping .
Thank you once again for allowing us to give our suggestions for your wonderful place .
Consequently , what are the reasons for my change of heart ?
I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
The best way to keep ourselves safe is to keep our Facebook profiles private .
My country has witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
First of all , the historical period is the Victorian age in France .
Tennis also gives a message of hope .
The government and public bodies should start thinking about it , and to save society public transport is best .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvas , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
However , we usually do not let this stop us from going into the water .
This is caused by the waste from factories , but also by the damage that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
To sum up , there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
Taiwan 's culture is all about eating .
Kind regards ,
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
At the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as the movie " Validation " , which teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or the colour of the shop where I found it .
In any case , public transport is far from having no future .
Moreover , families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflects on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civilians .
That was magnificent and mind - blowing .
My favourite sport is soccer .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
Secondly , I have many friends living abroad . I communicate with them using Skype .
However , acquaintances of hers , the students at the University , comforted her .
As the man left the café , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
Michael had been cheating on her .
Is there one ?
There is a little courtyard with three tables .
Finally , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
First came the confusion and then remorse .
My most memorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
It can kill your soul .
However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forget it .
The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
Finally , he married Marry .
Some days later , somebody knocked at the door .
At my school , I do n't do that much because there are just five of us that are worried about the world .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with ideal footwear .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
As a member , on many occasions , such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn about different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most evocative squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and its multitude of spires .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
The tutor , Will Reeves , a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
To sum up , the Internet is the most important advance in the world , but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
It has been a long while since I last saw you and dad .
Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
I agree that some young people behave really badly ; they smoke , shout at their parents , drink beer , do not improve themselves .
I am happy that you have chosen to spend next year in my country .
First of all , the venue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Jo ,
With the advent of privately owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly been reduced .
I love learning new skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before , I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
My best regards !
In addition to that , it hasn't got a driver room .
It can be made from used clothes by patching and darning .
These days , television allows us to see events all around the world .
First , I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
Tell me your opinions on this subject in comments .
I met a few nice people and had a great time with them .
For example , it should be noted that recent studies by WHO have revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
To begin with , nowadays people are addicted to mobiles . For example , young people waste their valuable time on mobiles .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
I believe that everything will delight us .
Only in that moment will we understand that we are one of the millions of pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent a life as we deserve .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
Aga
She is also a good listener . She always knows what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on TV .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
for example . If you go to another city by car , you may spend more than two days on the journey .
So , you need information about my country 's eating customs ?
Take me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
The purpose of this report is to analyse and assess the impact of English - language television programmes on Italian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
In these cases , journalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more .
I have always lived in Danderyd .
In the same surveys , the researchers show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
My thoughts about mechanical design matched somewhat with the information that was provided in the first three weeks .
I have moved a lot in my life . As I said before , my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
I therefore feel justified in recommending that the campaign in shopping malls would be more effective for us .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even have thought about playing tennis professionally .
I hope to have answered all your questions .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to the huge production of war weapons , converting the blessing nature of science into critics .
And if you do n't like doing sport , you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
So he immediately contacted the police for help .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I would be really very proud to work with you . You will see my wonderful lunch and dessert . Please give me this job .
He has been one of the players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until now he 's in college .
They have a long tradition dating back to the 18th century when Vungtau was a small commercial port .
With the pain , doubts , hunger all crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for survival .
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breasts , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and little red handbag and went to the door .
Meltwater News
One of the promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
Interrupting the momentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
TV stimulates two learning styles , which are visual and auditory .
Hope we 'll have a fantastic holiday together !
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
He ran up the stairs as fast as he could .
So , it is what it is .
Everyone has their favorite sports .
She was starstruck .
To whom it may concern ,
I have numerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
We are an underdeveloped country , as other countries say , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
On the one hand , it is more convenient to have a car .
Kate
I 'd say that was their best album and , obviously , they rock .
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
There are appliances such as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard has got a tortoise called " Peny " .
But this kind of food is expensive and people can not buy it .
Let 's go !
When we talked to our seniors , I think I had to control myself though they talked about unreal things .
For her , it is a way to make her mind clear .
The weather was fantastic : the sun was shining and birds were singing .
One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less in the behaviour of younger people ?
Therefore , their kids would follow their parents ' habits and behaviors .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
They had n't isolated him , he had .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the absence of parking spaces makes me change the statement .
People prefer to meet happiness and positive thinking to talking about death and suffering .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
He did his best in this race .
It is not just fighting . These sports give people endurance , speed and power .
A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters in the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in public transport .
They turned out to be such wonderful people . They treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
Secondly , we could find amazing bargains in shops .
In the past century , we have seen lots of changes in the world .
Morocco is a kingdom , like Spain and England . We have a king and princes .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and bringing about change through personal example .
The activities are expensive .
I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will also be beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activities .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
Day , date and season dictate the always interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
Of course , you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
But they were wrong .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything can be managed through virtual platforms .
You asked us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
In my opinion , this subject , sport , one 's favorite sport is one of the most pleasant for me .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
It is located next to the Old Town .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
It is fine the way it is right now .
In my opinion , nowadays , driving a car is very stressful because of traffic density .
But we still sell it not buy it .
We can know this just by comparing life now and 50 years ago .
Thanks in advance
In my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
It is universally accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
You are alone on the tennis court facing your opponent .
They went up to the receptionist .
Before addressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind you that both activities ( spending time on a computer and watching television ) are harmful for children's / teens ' health .
prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by scientists in research , and by doctors .
Public transport is going to face a huge decline in the near future .
I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
I was 7 years old when I played it for the first time .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
To sum up , fame is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before becoming a star .
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and the Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
Also , when she has trouble with her cousin , because she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " , Scout beats her up .
As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationships with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills and socialize with children from a foreign country .
products .
Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal plates .
Using messages , people forget to use grammar or even form full sentences .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important history and culture .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task is determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines could minimize these drawbacks .
Consequently , we must be careful with the decisions we make .
Introduction
Margarita Gavrilova
People have been debating about whether the private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst children and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in touch with nature .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
According to our mayor , there are several points that our town really cares about to always keep our area as clean as possible .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos . I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
People using new techniques have gradually become the majority .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some wines or the drink called Slivovice .
To strengthen the author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above into the argument .
But before I could leave school I remembered that I had left my trainers in the changing room , just after football session .
He invited all of his friends .
Public transport also reduces the daily traffic .
The clean and press was once a competition lift , but was discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team , since it is a world - renowned firm and I am available to travel and change residence .
We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
The restaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to say that it is a beautiful place , with a lot of beautiful lamps and a lot of space .
Last but not least , what is the definition of " success " ?
If you come to Siena , there are a number of shops you should visit .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best places , in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
I am glad to hear from you .
The problem is how to separate these two influences and how to find out which is the strongest in each case .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
Consequently , both learning options have their positive and negative aspects .
Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
Second , people on boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean wildlife , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
At a glance it seems very original and special , does n't it ?
They say it is caused by burning oil , so society demands itself to enclose it .
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an English seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . They are , respectively , an ice - cream van and an indoor public swimming pool .
The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , given the increasing requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
By the way , do you know Jess Morrow ?
4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and studying .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
With this reliance , you can go through everything together .
Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiancee bought before they broke up .
Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
During summer it is common to see many people in parks practising sports , like running , cycling , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
I went to a wedding .
Yara finished one of her training sessions .
In the end , the party turned out a success . For Michael it was the beginning of his popularity .
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
Thirdly , students may not be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students may lack a sense of security .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in this film .
But the best was the Guards of Bukingham Palace .
I swim twice per week .
I am keen on running during the night time .
Yours sincerely ,
I was so glad to read your letter about your new job .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
Reading is one of the most important habits .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom , " it said .
I 'm not able to find any nice clothes .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
Your attitude to public transportation strongly affects the quality of public transport itself .
Regarding personal skills , there are a large number of cases in which children were born gifted for the same field as their parents having great potential for a specific art or science from early childhood .
It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
Recent surveys proved that the study of these languages does not add much to the students ' future success .
Finally , they warn me of danger but they let me do something , even if in the end I make a big mistake . They will always keep close to me and none of them would fail me .
There are several efforts that we can make in order to save the environment .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
The pollution is the first problem with public transport
The boy had changed everything in the content of the work by the end of their conversation .
Was she alone ?
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
It took him three days to calm down and put things into perspective .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
But the phone was dead .
But suddenly , he thought he was really angry with her .
I am studying primary education because I love children .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
Once upon a time , there was a monster in a city called " Michenstain " .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightest young minds from all over the world .
If you manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
In addition to that , you can have a rest during the journey .
I must look like them from the side .
In general , its sales were falling as time went by .
However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
Well , I do martial arts .
What can you possibly do ? "
Not only does River Boat Disco have its own experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more than suitable for this occasion .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Well , I think it has a future .
They played some music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feelings , and it was indescribable .
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated with traffic accidents have also increased .
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and whatever you want .
We have suffered like every other city during these difficult years .
It shows you movies , news and new products .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of advice : enjoy yourself .
If you are interested in hiking , you should buy waterproof clothes , just in case .
It was a cold night in November . I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael . We had been looking for that temple since our teen years : the temple of the silent cartographer .
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of them , love them and treat them like family .
I pondered this many times .
From this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
I 'm pregnant and we need to sort this out .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your needs , who shares with you their innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Aisha is in her thirties .
I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
To begin with , they help us solve really complex mathematical equations .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins and they were really beautiful and , also , the view was amazing !
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called Coolclub , which only started a week ago .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
TV Today : chance or hazard ?
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Many people think that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
Moreover , from time to time , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
I would recommend this book to people of all ages , because it has something for everyone .
Second , more and more public services appear in our cities .
But ...
Even though it is more then 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
So , which one of these two places would you choose ?
He tried several jobs but he could communicate well in none of them .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
By ' shades ' I mean not real colors , but those undertones that our mind imparts to everything it comes into contact with .
The Vikings were feared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
The first reason is Mt .
The book says that the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility for every dollar for one thing that you are consuming is the same as the marginal utility for every dollar for another thing that you are consuming .
Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people .
The reality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing our own time .
Proposal for the introduction of a sports activity .
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution because of CO2 .
Dear Dr. Green ,
We have a lot of fun .
Mankind has always striven for freedom in one way or another , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all the problems that I had with my grandmother .
The house would n't be located in the city centre because of the traffic and the parking spots , but it would n't be situated too far from downtown .
Visiting your own country certainly has its advantages .
Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
Walking is also a sport that almost everybody can do .
It is a big source of pressure .
However , there are various negative aspects to using computers .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
" What is it ? " she asked .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of puns as a stylistic feature and how puns are transferred from one language into another .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by him .
I think she did this for my own good .
Quite understandable , because Jennifer had the most beautiful , big blue eyes as well as thick blonde hair , a magnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
If you leave the main roads and turn into the little alleys , you will find charming tea rooms and gorgeous antique shops with a wide range of antique goods .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their guests with a wide range of information on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
Abel Ferreira
Will I see you there ?
Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
It is so clear that private transport will overshadow public vehicles .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging for me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings up , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
Unfortunately , we did n't get the chance to see each other that night .
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
In your message , you said that you needed to find a famous person in my country and needed some suggestions from me .
So , in that case , it 's better to leave your car at home .
First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
Do you do sports this year ?
It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
Are you serious about the new activity center ?
Kitesurfing - this sport is getting more and more popular , not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , like Poland or Germany !
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
I am writing to suggest a few things that our college can do for the environment .
Michael looked very nervous too .
Looking forward to hearing from you
Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
He died during the demonstration .
At the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , economic viability and even time uses , take part in the decision .
This is a great example of how the Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without the government 's help .
The first times may be hard , in that they require training a sedentary person does not have .
To inhibit the growth of a living being is cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .
This is a guide for you . I hope it will help you a little .
Secondly , I am going to inform you about how our citizens are trying to keep the area clean .
So he started repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
And if you want to have some fun too , there are some festivals that you might enjoy .
Lots of kisses
It was fantastic to take part in that enterprise .
And now he was alone with her , waiting for the others to come back .
One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
Moreover , instead of using a core textbook , or using different levels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - based approach is more appropriate , and it also saves teachers ' preparation time .
I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
They felt really happy together , and Molly asked Tom for a date .
After two weeks , the food processor had still not arrived .
You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skate parks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside you ca n't .
Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since they consume tonnes of electricity .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
Oberon 's magic is mainly used to help people .
How could I forget about cycling ?
It was very cool .
Do n't forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
I heard about it in my English class at my university .
Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have participated in many group projects .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a gap year before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective on life and will help them become more confident about what they really love .
I can answer my e - mails immediately .
She cares about him , about his life and his family ( even though she did n't care before ) .
No matter at what time you go to shop , you will wait .
However , there is a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be careful .
The best place I have ever been is on an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results in feelings and emotions .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
Sometimes the members of a group begin to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
I hope this helps you and you will make the best decision .
In general , shops are concentrated in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
An accident which had been well prepared by her .
When I stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant .
We have made programs that make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
Everything started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
Of course , with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match this increase or this inflation .
But actually , if you cook a lot , you can use your energy , so you can reduce your weight .
Last but not least , time spent on these courses is different too .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and opportunities as people without a handicap .
They looked really cheerful and excited .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors can be opened easily .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always tries to humiliate Flor .
Personally , I prefer different movies .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
Why do I enjoy running ?
Another advantage for a site to being inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
Therefore , the environment will be improved .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the alarm rang .
Subject : Application .
I 'd like to thank you for the lovely experience you offered me .
When we arrived , the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
Living abroad , even for a short time , could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
I have been studying English for several years and I am preparing to take the FCE exam soon .
It was freezing cold and most of the time we
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provides an ever accessible source of information that otherwise would not be to hand .
When you 're driving your own car you have a lot of comfort .
Then suddenly Micheal felt something under his foot .
It makes it hard for people to search for Trivago on the Internet .
Finally , the woman tells him that she will understand that he does n't want to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
It does not seem like years have passed since I first met her , but it was some time ago indeed .
Dear Paul ,
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
Subject :
Also , football is a physical game .
The last reason is that Mt .
Thus , it is important to use public transport , because it is much cheaper than a private car , and everyone can consume .
One day , he woke up much earlier than usual .
There would be much more exhaust if every person drove a car .
This is a very popular sport and very good for your health .
By visiting museums we can learn interesting details about the history and culture of that society .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
After some time , when you feel that you are ready for more , you can start to do more difficult exercises .
It was just flooding back without so much effort .
Also , the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
Not only that , I was spoilt for choice as I flipped through the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asian food that ranged from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman , who play their roles perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue searching for some part - time jobs .
To travel around the world has always been my dream since I was a little boy .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in a very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraints and timing .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
It is the kind of thing that anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
And after that , everybody started to change their type of music .
Go somewhere !
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
First of all , for energetic students , doing sports is their favorite activity .
So sport is my hobby , a nice way of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
Anna opened it and read : " This day will probably be the best day of your life " .
If you have got a dog , too , and want to teach him something useful , take him here every Sunday morning and a trainer will teach him how to save people from drowning and your friend will become a lifeguard !
On Thursday I went with my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
That day he became a hero .
Marilyn Monroe once said ,
Students will be able to get know their task in depth as employees .
Without mind and body regeneration , you will not be able to learn as fast and as effectively as you would after a good rest .
I am wearing a shirt and a pair of trousers .
So , if you are starting this sport , you should do it because you will really like it .
Programming language is a great choice for teaching kids to program .
And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
In my opinion , my candidacy is suitable enough for this job , because I am a young person that has all the required skills and a lot of energy to work .
Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Thanks for your help .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys , that will be very uncomfortable .
Here I am studying dance and choreography .
I reckon it 's quite an expensive sport , but if your parents give you pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
What would you like to buy ?
On the other hand , people are willing to discuss serious matters with their family and friends because of their shared bond of trust .
We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .
Thomas is a calmer person and has control over circumstances .
And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
Hi Lucy ,
It was a wonderful experience for me .
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
So I started to walk away from there , but the guy started to follow me .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
They had to decide who their cat would stay with .
People looked like aggressive monsters and I realised that they are close to killing their every single ' rival ' .
One day , a girl called Irene talked to me .
I am a twenty - year - old student currently studying to be a chef .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
It took me 12 years to get the courage to quit because it was my family company and I felt really sorry , but I had to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to look for a new job .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houses and shops in light colours and with old - fashioned roofs .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Iris
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to look at him .
It is in the shape of an oval but most of it is broken .
At the moment , all governments around the world argue about climate change .
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something , but I do n't know how to do it properly .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be quite different to the ones we know now .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying for a B.A. in Anglistik and economics .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared of facing new experiences and then we can miss a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
To quote an example , the prime minister of India recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - the first television channel dedicated to farmers in India .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult times of my life .
You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
How have you been ?
She knew what it meant . Jason was alive .
As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people fell silent abruptly .
But I played basketball and tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
They never spoke about it till a few years ago , as they were considered criminals by their countries as they had broken the law during that time .
First of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Italian restaurants easily .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them . Then both kids understand that their grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
Why children can not learn is because of their parents , not because of the pets .
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Television can improve knowledge of current affairs .
I was , too !
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
They enjoyed being the " boss " and telling other students what to do .
And you never , ever , come into contact with other people .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
Dear Jane ,
Come visit the land of peace and civilization .
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
That 's because while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
He had never seen anything so fantastic . But all too soon , it was time to leave .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it off .
For example , car sharing could increase in the city .
During these years I have changed pools three times .
Conduct a survey on a minimum of one thousand people on what features the website should include .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation " Rand " American research and development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to work by car in a year .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
That will make our life more and more crowded .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands of hours playing football , anywhere I could .
ARTICLE
The film that I selected stars Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
And we had only water when we were thirsty .
He also learned how to build a good relationship with people through talking to his colleagues .
First of all , I would like to thank you for offering to look after my house and my pet bird while we go on holiday .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
As I found out , there were two problems regarding lack of points .
Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
Basically , a famous figure has no privacy .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
One of the obvious reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of saucepans ( do you really need that ? ) .
Writing the play : first , you can ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
I live in a small town , and there are a few things that my town does for the environment : like recycling , for which we must know what material the things we throw away are made of , and put them in the right dumpster .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
Their jokes were very funny .
You will see it when you get off the train .
At that moment he was like a bear with a sore head .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type most used .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Said University .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
I am living in New York city ! !
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
These also can be a problem , because recently they are falling down because they are old .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us study harder and that is not so easy to do with teenagers .
Few people who live in suburban areas have the following routine :
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
This will cause some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Alice had decided to return to her homeland .
I get along with my siblings very well , but we do not see each other very much .
Town center
Years ago I was very worried about what would happen in the future .
What I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , you will have a future .
The things I like the most about myself are probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
As has been said , Granada has a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
Although I write and speak English at an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good materials for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , which emit CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to serious air pollution .
Old people and young people benefit from sports .
" One of them said .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
I think that family members ca n't be friends because the relationship is very different .
If you want to start playing badminton , you should look for a badminton club nearby and should sign up for a training class .
When I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on the ground .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
Furthermore , most junk food just solves hunger in a short time and then it will quickly return to the customers after they have felt full .
I advise starting with one km .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush hour , I will first consider the subway over driving a car .
While someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and having a good time .
I remember we got there on the first of October on a Saturday night , and I will never forget the rush of warmth I felt as soon as I stepped out of the plane .
Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea and just around the corner you will find the stunning Lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks .
Of course , I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
He opened his eyes again when the steps had faded away .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street .
In addition , I am very funny and I am always joking .
Hi ,
Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned table cloths create a friendly atmosphere .
If you want to start this sport , you should start running for thirty minutes .
These variables influence the behavior of employees .
Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
At the moment I do n't practice because I do not have time , but a miss it !
I hope you 'll enjoy my country .
In fact , I was responsible and I had the determination and the skills , because I learned it from my parents .
It has a couple of good tunes and they use them .
People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green place .
The first one is to save time .
I want the job at the summer camp . I will look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , I could work in the kitchen .
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day , although less frequently at night .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit the South of Italy .
So I think there will be a future for public transportation , and this may be because of updated technologies .
In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
This does n't mean that parents should keep themselves distant from their children ; on the contrary , a child should talk to their family , asking for advice or just to confront each other , because communication is at the basis of relationships of every kind .
Red is matter , brutal and heavy and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by the other two . "
Working on projects helps me improve my organizational and planning skills .
For this reason , schools of English are opening in all the big cities as well as in most towns .
I expect it to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
He liked her straightaway .
Bye
So I think public transport should remain .
Thank you for listening !
You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued picking up the trash from the grass .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been carefully reading all your letters .
We have never seen a marmot , but I so want to .
The building was luxurious and covered by the most wonderful structures ever .
I felt like that was partly my doing .
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years old .
While waiting for it , you can play video games in the basement .
The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have visited these places .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
Leading articles in the most read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the first Russian president .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
The car is not necessary in my quiet village and I feel really happy there .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
The subject of the sentence can also be the force if the agent is inanimate .
I believe that saying that there is no future for public transport given that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can make a judgement of this kind .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here are quite plentiful .
Yours faithfully
It is not a difficult thing to do .
establish factories outside of the village .
I have only one piece of advice .
Practice together with people of your age . It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon .
My favourite film
Mass shootings , bombs , hacking into security systems can happen any time , any day .
The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
Raise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that life is giving us .
Considering all the above , I can not agree with the statement that persuading students not to pursue fields of study in which they have less possibility to be successful is the responsibility of educational institutions .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Nowadays , everybody has one or more cars . As a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
Secondly , everybody seeks safety in their lives .
He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
We discover , in this context , special diseases caused by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
How are you doing ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month .
Dear Sir ,
However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money to pay for university or simply for saving it .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for air pollution . We should consider the protection of the environment for the future of humanity , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
I enjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your health by using almost all your muscles while you can also enjoy the scenery and visit the places you come across .
That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Directors ' films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
It is one main condition , the rest of your clothing are not important .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers .
how are you ? I have just received your letter .
Television is not an issue of general consensus .
Moving is always upsetting and there is a period of adjustment that is very stressful .
I believe that playing soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that people might like , there always has to be some rules .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in the holidays , too .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
I 'll be nice , though .
When they were together , they knew that this story was about to end .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
For the second problem , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the school 's machines .
In the end , we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The decor was very simple and chic with abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
The bus network completes the public transport service .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
It also gives us clues that there may be life on other planets and we might not be the most superior beings in the world .
It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better get up .
He thought that it was a great way to relax and think about things .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
She graduated from Kiev International University in 2009 .
I have read an article on IFLS that talks about a sheep that has a human face .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Organization is the key .
On top of that , I think the amount of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
We have a great time .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a great detriment to our youth in particular .
However , it is more difficult to be educated .
The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called " The Club of discussion " .
I also love to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
This essay will examine some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
Do we really need fashion ?
I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
You may come across something , such as a luxury bag , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
To solve this problem , Lima has been making long - term strategies .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
So I had to walk quickly until I could enter an old and abandoned house behind the park .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
However , I have also previously worked with older people .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan movie which has the participation of some Hollywood stars , such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
I need this course for my new job .
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would be additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
The problem that I see with this , is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be a lot of cars .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way and be careful about what are the sources of the information told during a TV show , as it might be misleading .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
On the other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to fewer carbon - dioxide - storing trees .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
of fun and you can play with family or friends happily .
Max did n't know what to do .
Summing up , I prefer doing my shopping by means of websites or auction portals .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
He wanted to know his partner 's opinion too .
Television Commercials
Stress - it makes your life easier , since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jams
I firmly believe that were the schools to offer kids a greater variety of sports , there can be no doubt that they would do more exercise .
The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light like the film actor .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
Like the male respondents , the girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .
And they will also remind you about some key points you did n't understand when you previewed it .
I guess that the name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
The main idea is to keep the body , take the mind .
The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to improve the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
scary .
Let us look at countries that the US introduced " democracy " to .
The movie which I have chosen to write about is Microphone .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking for .
On the other hand , public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
On one hand , public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city .
The most popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news programme " Tagesschau " , which airs about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
People need to spend a huge amount of time on doing exercises after class .
So , we use trains , buses and bikes to get from place to place .
Dear Sir ,
Mohamed
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of the Edo era .
What could it be ?
2 .
Hi .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I have the chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
In Cluj , each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , something that can reduce the air pollution produced by car exhaust .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
Moreover , from kindergarten , schools are educating about taking care of the planet , simply by doing things like separating the garbage .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of cars , our lives are enriched .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
The overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adults in school and to educate them .
By the time my high school years were done , and when I attended university , I developed a certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish food , unavoidably combined with less fast food due to the usual dinners with friends .
Here , I have learned more than the lessons I have taught .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that she had lost one of the most important things in her life .
A lot of effort has been put into reducing the exhaust fumes , etc .
I 'm studying a degree in Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
I hope that in the future we will live peacefully and happily .
People put their rubbish in bags and throw them away near their houses .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just big enough for me to lie down in .
However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone , which might not be easy to accomplish , but it would be possible .
Therefore , with a good UI design , many people will have a good user experience .
When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
To sum up , I am not against interactive learning and the use of technology .
I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
Will I have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
I think I am very lucky then , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
To : The Chairperson
It 's really worth it .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the richest cities in the world .
On the sea , including the and port facilities .
Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
Not to mention , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on holidays .
Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest everyone cuts down on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
To make friends .
programme .
Luckily , this has not been the case when it comes to Seville .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
We did n't have a lot of money , but I went to a private elementary school .
I mean the timetable punctuality , time interval until the next bus and so on .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
In addition , an enterprise may do marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
See you soon !
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her view , medical experiments on animals should not be conducted .
The Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to humans and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) into expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
I wanted to explore more about the chair but I knew that I should go home by them .
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream van while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it is when you focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around you .
Yours faithfully ,
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium into a really big party in order to intimidate their adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
I saw you uploading the cat in the glass bottle on Facebook .
In addition , the elevator was out of order .
It will be my great pleasure to work with you and your organization .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
When he arrived at the building where he worked , he took the elevator and went to his floor .
TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
But now people are destroying it .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
He : lol . I think I will win :P You wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's job in the newly - opened hotel Kirchgasse , right on the corner from the apartment .
Printing is quite closely related to the first two steps , because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
No future for public transport ?
Tears started to fall from his eyes .
In this kind , you are one of a team and all the team play as one person .
This is a group of beginners , the experience of a first lesson with a new teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
However , Mary saw a young man with a baseball cap taking something away .
From the time I started going to karate .
Hi Isabel ,
They are capable of making you think they really know how to trick someone .
This movie is called " About Time " .
But it was n't the wind .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
My husband and I went to a dinner on the beach of our hotel .
In conclusion , public transport is our future means of transport . I mean for most citizens .
It is easy to find out facts from people around you .
We are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard of it .
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell .
It started working , but suddenly got stuck and we have been unable to use it since .
My father has had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I was a little girl .
All these topics , by using creativity and new technologies , can be dealt with in a way to make them soft and able to entertain .
How dare she come to my door?There were no words to express my feelings ...
This restaurant was recommended to me by my aunt who was working just around the corner from this restaurant a few years ago .
In industry , big machines are making new products for our benefit .
Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my Master 's studies in Europe or America .
I bought two kinds of clothes : casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next month .
I prefer travelling in the car .
I thank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading your proposal .
The event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect during such events , so we had no time to relax or even eat a decent meal !
Art is something that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyes .
or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .
I watched till they dragged him away , and then everything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
If you enjoy a classic book , but with more action and a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
Take care and see you very soon ,
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little gift and I invited him to come back again !
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim of developing the thinking and creativity of students .
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel .
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport , football .
Shopping online is also not , from my experience , a good way of shopping .
The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising me to buy stupid stuff .
But this is not true .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Computers , mobile phones , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of thinking and behaving .
You can go by car at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
I had a great time at the wedding and I slept very late .
But after a year , I was all wrong .
Travelling by train is not an option for me .
She would undoubtedly do an excellent job and , for the reasons I have given , I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
Based on necessity , the people and government of this town together effectually take care of the environment .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man City , Man United , Real Madrid and Barcelona .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
The time allocations you have suggested in the job advertisement also suit my schedule perfectly .
I took the ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
So he used to his ability to time travel for his family .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes . My brother felt sorry for him . He gave the little boy his smartphone and put on some good music . The little boy stopped crying and started to smiled .
This not only makes them knowledgeable but increases their potential as well .
One afternoon , they were on the way home .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufacturers ? '
I 'm from Ecuador , a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
The sole purpose of their activity is to keep our town clean and neat , making it an appealing and pleasurable place to live .
Society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turns to continuously influence every member .
One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
" I need to talk to the boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
With the increasing competition in the workplace , people bear more and more stress .
I have had to make a claim because the company did n't resolve my problems .
Algebra and geometry were the most important subjects taught by her grandfather .
" I have not taken anything yet " , the boy whimpered .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you r joke .
A grammar test shows knowledge about the language , whereas alternative assessment shows learners ' ability to effectively use the language in the context of a real situation .
In addition , this project is probably the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
Yours faithfully ,
Andrés Fernández
Sometimes , they became very rich .
He never left me alone .
As the English say : better the devil you know .
We can do it at any time we like .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
This had a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
This is a common issue . In fact , juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .
The main reason why I loved working there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
I hope to see you soon , Brother .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
2 . We flinch from consideration of Good Friday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , because apart from your lessons , you can interact with native people and learn common phrases .
That 's the first fact ,
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
Needless to say that sport plays a very important role in our life .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to what we can use to purchase goods in our daily life .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
See you soon .
There are a lot of cases where journalists make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home , which means a lot of stress .
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
Date : 05/30/14
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Being a waitress or something like that is well paid and not so difficult to do .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Each year was nearly the same .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
I would like to work at the summer camp this year .
For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
And what is inside that building ?
This is contrary to the author 's assertion .
The first section will show the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
However , that does n't mean public transport has to disappear .
Therefore , I do not try to suppress my ambition .
But I loved this experience , I really enjoyed it .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pressed on his horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
It is a special chance to bring people together .
Now I 'm thinking about the present . What do you like ?
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a café for a snack .
She is Azucena , and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
Just think about your future and your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that will someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
Although the private service is very expensive , it is efficient .
I can show all my recommendation letters from my previous jobs , but I 'll say right now that they all say good things about me .
They look for new experiences .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
This effect always leaves people suffering later , after use .
Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
And finally , she went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
Travelling by bus is expensive , boring and annoying .
Finally , I can say that they not only put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the dogs ' ' pooh ' .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise activities for young people , such as fishing or doing a sport .
In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life . the day was 29 October 2009 . That day I had a university admission test at Shajalaj university .
I love writing but I am not confident about my grammar .
Yours faithfully ,
I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
In fact , the more I know about its organization and its people , the more I feel at ease in Seville .
The plotters immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactions on the spot .
See you soon .
Daniel Q.
Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
It suits perfectly the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan ancestors .
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
If people insist on travelling by car , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
I travelled to my country of birth , where I was able to meet my family members , relatives and friends .
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more popular in the future .
For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a legend .
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
Jerry said that he would be honoured .
What lovely weather today !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
I hope all is well with you .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lights " .
There is little doubt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
Ilya Yashina
So what should we do about that problem ?
My school has a unique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
Later in the week , I spent the day drawing .
One problem with cars is the high price of fuel .
Also , if you cook three times a day , your cooking ability will increase .
YOU .
But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
Its penalties , depending on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .
The structure is divided into these sections :
It is possible to watch documentaries , the news , concerts , plays and learn about current affairs .
I was asked to give some information about the concert to local pubs , restaurants etc . ,
The religion of Scientology is known as one of the fastest growing religions in the world .
I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda . I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
What great news !
Not only do I have a big nuclear family which is made up of four siblings , but I also have a big extended family .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
He just loved that girl so much that he wanted to protect her from everything .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example , after school .
Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to open your wallet .
On the other hand , travelling by car allows you to establish your own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not know so well .
My name is Tom . I 'm 12 years old .
Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in their lives .
The underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
We communicate through our accounts , emails or chats .
Some people say that basketball is only for tall guys ,
After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very happy .
John X.
As soon as I read the letter about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have a similar interest in physical fitness , too .
The scenery in the film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I recommend this film to all of my friends .
There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Law enforcers also wanted their country to win , and in the United States , policemen arrested any Japanese person they saw and sent them back to Japan .
It is also important to mention that people who drive their own car most of the time travel on their own .
So the problem for me is the way the movie is made , with several changes from the original script .
The ride felt like an eternity .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
The girls used to hang out together , they spent all their free time together and they were absolutely best friends .
Edison is said to have created the first commercially practical incandescent light .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors for consideration include the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
I finally trapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I told the police and the police put them in jail .
So I think that creating a small bus line between the villages would help a lot of people , especially the older ones .
We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on time at your workplace .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
It will be good to interview both and you can decide .
Mel lost the baby .
For me , learning a language is not only translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers describe and interpret this world .
Once we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
Yes , I know , not very smart .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
I went to my apartment and turned on my TV and I saw on the news that the bandit had escaped with 3 paintings .
Drink water .
If you do have this service , maybe you are the people that I am looking for .
The large - scale building projects do allow humans to have homes , but not the animals .
First , public transport is neither comfortable nor safe .
Jacob asked her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place , but she still refused , until she accepted with only one condition : if all her family could go with them .
The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
Date : 13th September 2014
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to the street .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
Nowadays , going to the gym is the new trend , but you should n't only do sport because it 's trendy .
You can choose when you would like to go .
About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
Always in front of your audience .
Dear Alex ,
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts through a combination of individual sessions , class activities , and group discussion .
It is great to be a whole family again .
We have different means of transport .
The ambulance arrived .
The more computer science influences humans ' lives , the more important a status robotics has in the field of engineering .
Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway were Vikings .
As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to have a healthy life .
The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
Kachl 's Park is a perfect place to spend some time walking along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to each other .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
Some people want to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
All of a sudden there was a loud voice that echoed through the neighborhood , and one can almost imagine the silence shattering like a glass .
Talking is truly the only way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
Young people should have an experience like this .
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw .
I had a great time throughout the entire concert .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
My CV is enclosed .
She must be here .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
The other things I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should take public transport more often .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
And the most comfortable ?
He knocked at the door and when he opened it , he saw , sitting there , the same old lady he had cursed a few hours earlier in the street .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place on public transport .
The photography is also good .
Susan looked at him , then at the woman .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the workplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and save natural resources .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out with this shortcoming .
In my opinion , the salad is the best option , with a wide range of types from different countries .
First , I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK since July 2012 .
I like to travel .
But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
Looking forward to receiving your next letter , and on tenterhooks about the information you 'll provide .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport , even if it 's just running around .
The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen prove how easy it can be to remove cars from our lives , and I believe that more cities should follow their examples .
Overcoming many prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi could depend on .
Yeah , first time is OK .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
I have seen a TV program about homeless people .
While 53% of the boys never do that .
Dear Jo ,
And that 's my happiest time .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just waste our time with no other benefits .
She helps me to make the right choice and never looks at the prices .
I think that I have given good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
Also , recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
That 's why basketball is my favourite sport and it should be yours too !
Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; these are just a small part of the threats you can come across on Facebook .
Valentina Toscano
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governmental programmes .
The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journeys on trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them is totally different from that from cars .
In addition , if you plan your vacation at the last minute , you can also save money on planes or hotels .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
The young couple of lovers fell on the floor and Michael ran away to his home .
She looked at him again then turned around and left .
We put our watches back an hour in October .
When the weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or go shopping .
Homes of the future will definitely be different from those in which we live currently .
Since then , everything had gone so perfectly between the two of them .
In Last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors . We called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also have been affected by the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
BIG FISH ,
It may be difficult for you .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to be renovated .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which means bullet train , is famous and very fast .
However , it is also remarkable that there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper times to learn .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl an " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection as a present .
In addition to that , the cost of television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfunctional .
Let me know if you enjoy your tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
That is how to boil an egg .
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he changed when he met Monica in the main restaurant .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
I enjoyed the time off from university .
It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
That was a special family ; it was so big . His father has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his little sister .
Uriel
When I need a book for my English classes , I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My first reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid some diseases .
These days we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
It 's not necessary to say the same words .
It 's just a question of time until everybody has a car .
But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
We have also been to Verbier . I loved the cabin we slept in there .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as a positive .
This sport is for real men .
Pollution of the ecosystems is increasing in these countries too , as a result .
From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
If you are wealthy , or you come from a family where your father can provide you with most of the things you want , I suggest going to college straight away would be a good idea .
However , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
Jitka
My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years old . I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would definitely be a great experience for me , especially for my English and being away from home .
I hope it will be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning English !
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred people .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and be disappointed with the truth .
Walter Mitty is played by the excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
Basketball - the best sport ever !
Even if you do n't lose weight , you can gain endurance and flexibility .
As it is a very common phenomenon among teenagers , schools should show them that television also enables you to learn something new .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I was four years old .
So I gave up to try it again today .
I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I usually play a lot when I do n't have to study .
The first claim that shopping is a great pleasure and fun .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or going by bus .
The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in their heart than anything .
Five more minutes went by , and he decided to go into the bungalow .
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasty recipes from all around the world to enjoy your dinner alone or with company .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
I think it depends on the situation . On the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best friends . You can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
I want to discuss the results of my research with everyone that is interested in it , from Brazil or from any other place in the world .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
I talked about it with Mum . "
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
I am always answering wrong calls , and these calls distract me .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
Access to different public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
For example , when a man or a woman has finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette instead of in the right box .
Perhaps I am doing a little wishful thinking .
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
Therefore , when you are in a conversation , it is important to pay attention to comply with the unwritten rules of vocal patterns successfully .
Moreover , the special effects are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than domestic movies to make .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor , Halit Ergenc , and he 's amazing at it .
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
Also , when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing a room at that time .
I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports
For
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products , such as gingerbread and gin .
The lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
Nowadays , many people have their own transport . For example , they have cars .
The bulk of the population of New York was homeless because there had just been a horrible war between New York City and California , but , increasingly refined body technologies allowed New York to win the war .
It might be a great idea because most of them are free .
The use and misuse of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
He is very ambitious and polite .
Ola
As I mentioned above , the advertising campaign must be appropriate to the target market .
And there is good communication between us .
Trivago '' , can introduce the key idea of the television commercial .
People who need to go in the same direction meet each other and use only one car .
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
There are many different types of music in the world today .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
I would like to apply for the job you advertised last week because I am quite sure I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
If you can study in short bursts and take some breaks , you 'll be more efficient by far in your studies than slogging away for hours on end .
You see , I do not see members of one 's family as one 's best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
After I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their flaws aside , because their flaws will only make me fall in love with them even more .
It is creating a lot of problems by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Sameh Sabbagh
surely , science and technology will
Over the last decades , the spread of technology in our daily life has marked the beginning of a new era .
So all in all , there are many ways in which adults can influence the behaviour of younger people .
My English is great and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
This premonition can not hold more true .
IGNACIO
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
Nowadays , it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which would be the leader .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
Dear Mr . Smith
Workers , when they are off duty , take the bus home , too .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
I live in a city , and for many people like me , the most convenient transport is public transport .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
Please feel free to ask for further information if you need it .
And this will cause diseases in the long run .
The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 , and since then , it has been a big part of my life .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
They provide energy for our bodies .
Having goals in life will make one 's life meaningful and purposeful .
His mother would probably be working . She was a realtor and would be selling a house .
But for me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k in Cuernavaca , Morelos .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
I agree that it 's not a physical exercise but a mental one .
From my point of view , friendship is based on honesty .
Thanks
Mainly , the environment will change .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you follow this advice :
Yours faithfully ,
I was as happy as a lark but soon it would get dark .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employees there are kind .
Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in the rush hour because of traffic jams .
However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of the world .
The decor is not too modern , but not too classic . It has a comfortable atmosphere .
It appealed to experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improve security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
Your friend ,
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
Anybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
In developing countries , there is still a low level of awareness about the side effects of using polluting private cars .
Graffiti on the walls and small alleyways create a punky ambience .
Greenhouse gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
Despite the large number of advantages that the Internet and phones give us , the use of technology affects people 's ability to communicate face to face .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of Snow White . It was very funny .
In my opinion , these measures related to the ban on cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollution .
Guys should not go snowboarding .
Although not very realistic , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values and , at the same time , teaches the importance of women being independent and able to live life on their own .
I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
" Tock " .
I hope this letter helps you to decide what you will do .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
Public transport is very inconvenient .
In addition to that , I am well organised in the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
Family plays an important role in our lives .
There are many reasons why research is hardly conducted .
Today we will put a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
As time flew , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang feel more and more helpless .
The director gives a chance to broaden our minds and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the gripping story .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
He likes baseball , but he does not play baseball actively .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives like buses , trains or even planes for long distances .
He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
OK , I have told you everything and I really should finish packing !
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
What I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Also , they always support me , no matter what I do or think .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
Hi Jay !
Not just what you want to hear .
Fuji is changed to a white face by snow .
We are living in a rush world .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continue to develop .
This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and became homeless .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
Secondly , you might feel uncomfortable .
Society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead , we will only build robots .
I enjoy cooking , so I always make different kinds of food .
Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
The first thing that comes to mind on this subject is technology .
Some people go even so far and to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
I told Tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .
Dress to impress
When I got it , I read it for five hours in a row .
It is really hard to give some advice .
I love sport and I usually go to the gym .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , viewers can learn not only foreign languages but also about exotic cultures .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is too hot .
She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you make it even more simple by picking you up at the train station in my town .
Souvenirs store .
Conclusion
Also , every three or four minutes , you can get on the train .
Because if everyone uses his / her car , pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
The feeling it would be the last day of her journey .
Generally , it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it had been before .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
When you are visiting Lancaster you can discover many historic sights , such as the Castle and Priory , the Judges Lodgings or the Ashton Memorial , which overlooks the city .
Istanbul is located in Turkey .
After I decided to go with him to the contest , I was thinking about going to that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering what the program was like .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
Firstly , a car can carry only 5 people at a time .
If we look at the boy 's processes , we will find only positive things .
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on the beach .
The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
We can use Facebook to get in touch with our friends and even to meet new people .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
Also , I always work with children and I have a teaching qualification . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
" Yes , come in , please " .
I am a believer that any parent would do whatever it takes to protect their children .
And finally , I will only tell you that you should do some sport . It is good for us .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
The above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
You can choose the taste you like .
Dear Paul ,
1- chaharshanbeh soori
I took cooking classes last year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , a few parks which provide different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine , but going to Cornwall , however , might be a bit of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
I hope to get this job because I have been wanting it for a very long time .
We are complying with the norm .
June 21st is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
Then , Symba saves Pumba from a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
Therefore , in the last few years there has been a great improvement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collection of household refuse is concerned .
According to studies , martial arts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
Cars can be useful for several reasons .
Take care , Laura .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
Was it the best thing life could offer ?
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by the CD industry .
If you would like to take my application further , then I would be pleased to hear from you .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
Our address is 12st , Arizona , United States of America .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting my cousins last year .
Shopping Facilities
Take my yoga class , for example .
So I should be back jumping around in no time :) .
Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
I am writing to you to ask if I may be considered for a place on your program .
We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the reason for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to getting youngsters fitter , lies in modernity .
Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop .
It was such fun and I could n't stop smiling .
He went to the bus station to catch the bus .
It was about what problems we are going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to polluting our environment .
In my opinion , running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to starting to move and get fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see those breaks in time .
In this essay I will be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which governments and individuals may help to overcome this challenge .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in our lives something will annoy us .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom .
Dear Sir ,
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us . The service is really fast and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sound , VIP - escort .
- The second best place is a private disco for youngsters .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
Conclusion .
Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
It is easy , fast and we can almost park it right outside our destination or at walking distance - shorter rather than longer .
« I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
After you have seen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
I like travelling with my family and friends . I like travelling because I can get to know new people , places and cultures .
In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
Also , they can see how much language they can produce .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
Everything is delicious and very tasty , especially the pizzas : they dress them in many different ways . I try a different meal every time I go there .
CHAPTER 2
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
The different colors warm your soul .
This could be a drawback because not all people are up to the task .
My favourite sport is boxing .
Because it seems like if we do that , angels will come out of the TV and attack us !
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
Being able to study at an English university will give me the opportunity to get a better job and an exciting experience .
Friendship today is a friend or friends for each season and reason , while the friendship of the past was whatever the situation or time a friend stands through .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and , without looking at her , walked out of the bar .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
It includes twelve tracks to enjoy that you wait impatiently for the next song .
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
We have to pay for the petrol if we drive and we all know that the price of petrol goes up every year .
The reason for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because , like I said before , the atmosphere and food are amazing .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Maybe it was because I was with my friends and I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be the great environment .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to learn to swim and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
His father saves him from a fight but he dies and Symba is sad .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
I think people should get exercise by starting to play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing games .
I was thinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
Also , Trivago wants to increase its market share by entering the Hong Kong Market .
The most beautiful museum in Mexico
All in all , I still had a memorable vacation .
It is the tallest tower in China and the third tallest tower in the world .
Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
He won two national championships and also an important European competition .
I went into the tiny shop and the shopkeeper looked through me .
To sum up , coming to live in Tijuana was a real challenge for me .
After a long flight , it reaches an orbit that is a very long way out of the solar system .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
In conclusion , there are a lot of subjects that might be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any serious school 's programme .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late to save our wonderful world .
The main problem is the high price of the tickets .
Dear Paul ,
In addition to this , computers can be educational and fun .
Although the federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
Dear Federico ,
Piotr Dudek .
Most of the people know a lot about them .
However , people blink several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
In deciding whether to choose a car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
I like everything from pop , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
We live in the century of mass consumption , when shopping requires more and more time out of our daily routines .
Your faithfully .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us life as if it could be the 1800s .
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discussing your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
Thank you for that advice .
Hi Mark ,
Because of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually increasing to a new level .
Whether the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases , they are completely neglected .
I suggest that all youngsters who want to learn another language ought to go abroad .
I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
A mechanic should have the ability to deal with the drawbacks of the job .
This is also relevant to the notion of stance and position or the existence of author in the text .
I do n't enjoy melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
We talked about a lot of things .
The town , Lahori , is known for its practices to preserve nature . In our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
I 'll take my time to practise everything I can at home .
Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some animals may become extinct .
You can find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
Moreover , on television , there is a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their own apartment .
Hence , if there is no reason to take a year off , just go to college and start studying .
Dear Sir ,
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
An appropriate sample size should be ten times the number of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
But on the other hand , I have got used to going to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema were cheap .
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will come to your city .
Last year I gave some of my sister 's dolls to a charity .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
I absolutely agree with the statement .
Therefore , I think public transport will disappear in the future .
Then you should know that there will be two kinds of transport .
However , the effects may be different , depending on the duration .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Cocaine is the most dangerous addiction .
Since then , I have attended a course for the preparation for the CAE exam , and spent two weeks in Ireland during the summer working as a babysitter , so I have had experience working with children .
It 's near the mosque .
However , this is also an opportunity to meet up and work every week with people for whom English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Sports activity also makes us feel more flexible and ready to face every day .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in a large number of useful ways .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Nowadays , the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .
She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating a man twenty years older than her .
Vancouver Business School
I leaned against the wall and thought about my adventure .
My favourite sport is football . I think this game is the most enjoyable .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideration of our request .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the former , because if you 're lucky , you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
1 . Postpaid roaming calls , RCF and GPRS
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , and is now being used as a museum .
I 'm always open to new interesting suggestions .
Hello Harry ,
Sonia
Let me know when you are coming .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
When I think about donating money , I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the last people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
This place has some restaurants and sports bar s where I can talk with Latinos and feel at home .
Students must learn their lines by heart .
I could never have guessed what was about to happen .
Over the past five years , I have taught a variety of English courses .
Before the computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should buy and it could disappear or be ruined by something .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villains of the Doctor Who series twice by about half of respondents .
Speaking of mental and physical health , you should definitely get enough sleep .
I want to study at your university in the pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in English language .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
People choose pleasant entertainments instead of talking about death , suffering and self - sacrifice .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take legal action .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
The whole process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of the demand for them .
It was amazing !
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who did n't believe in love and only wanted one - night stands .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , then it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , then the consumer must use more of X. If you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
I would like to apply for the job as a music and dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
He wanted to cry .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
Introduction
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
When I was 12 , I went to France for the first time in my life .
Basically , I like to travel by train to enjoy the view along the railway track .
Unfortunately , we should be careful with the way we use them .
Although it also needed to be flexible , it needed to be tough .
People look happier .
Although the maintenance cost of car is quite expensive , it does not stop people from using cars , since convenience matters to them the most and not money .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother nature before .
What can I say ?
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectable reputation are the ones which will be accepted by thousands of people .
E.R.M. is already upon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Suggestions
technological developments .
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls , and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause an awkward situation .
To whom it may concern ,
I live in the center of Spain , in a small city .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
BEA
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
This morning , he had not gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , when a girl came to him . He knew her , she was Abigail .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist plays this role .
If you want to play this sport , you have to make a really big effort and try to practise as much as possible .
The next two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just the blink of an eye .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
Yet , our most rewarding action has been starting a compost .
To avoid accidents , the government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedies .
The government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
I had a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concerning the organisation .
There are certain procedures at the beginning of a class which encourage you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
When I was young , I could n't use them .
Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experience in minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required . After all , it is just one step after the other .
Last week , I attended the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
It keeps me amused for hours , too .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
Nowadays , trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
Just ... start talking !
And people feel comfortable in their own vehicle .
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
While doing these activities , teenagers will easily make new friends and develop new skills .
But Sri Lanka is a developing country still .
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
You just have to keep looking .
In addition , I made new friends there . They are very clever and physically strong .
They had a car accident , and fortunately he was n't injured , but his friend Sam was unconscious .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle crime .
That is why every university should offer such classes .
Dear Sir ,
Every time I go to the gym , I feel like I have to break my limitations and replace them with the feeling of success .
Not even a month before , he had paid a fortune to get his place refurbished and painted .
I was 9 years old when it happened for the first time .
Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
I live in one of the most polluted cities in India , which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
Let me introduce myself .
If you like animals , you 'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can .
If you 're willing to take the chance , the view from the other side is spectacular .
The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
An evil smile was drawn on his face .
But you can also have a " horrible " day at the races : if you 're not savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
It builds a lot of facilities for residents .
In fact , I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle , depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
When I was in elementary school , I took part in a speaking contest , but I failed , and I was broken - hearted .
Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Yours sincerely
It contains a little museum which is open for tours .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness ,
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
I am getting in touch with you to inform you that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists from different places .
Last month , I did an internship at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
My mother told me that I can gain great experiences .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm sorry to tell you that the temperature might fall .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
The US is really a busybody .
Educational institutions should dissuade students .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% of students gave the diagnoses correctly .
You may find the first initial stages really stressful .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
